... on, he had been on the quite of a different rock, no credit to his willful mind. "Humphrey knows a hundred spells. Maybe one of them, I'm sure he could find out what your talent is. Then everything would be all right." "Oh, but he charges a year's service for a single spell, and I'm not paying him for that, damn... I have only a month." But that was not quite accurate. If the magician identified a talent for Bink, then he would not be exiled. He would have, he, he would have a year available. He was deeply touched by Sabrina's faith in him. She did not say what others said, that he had no magic. She did him an immensely curiosity of choosing to believe that his magic merely remained undiscovered. Perhaps it was his faith that he had first attracted him to her. Certainly, she was beautiful and intelligent and talented, a prize by any definition. But she could have been much less in all categories and still been his... "A year is not so long," Sabrina murmured. "I would wait." Bink stared down at his hands, thinking and pondering to himself. His right hand was normal, but he had l- tota- he had lost the middle finger of his left hand in child, in a childhood accident. Ew, gross. It had not even been the result of an inical magic. He had been playing with a cleaver, holding down a stalk of collar grass while he chopped, pretending it was the tail of a dragon. After all, a boy could not start to practice too early for this serious style of life. The grass had twitched out of his grip as he swung, and he had grabbed for it. And the cleaver had come down hard on his extended finger, which is now gone, and disappeared. Boop! It had hurt, but the worst of it, the m- but the worst of it was not having a finger. And besides that, he was not supposed to play with the cleaver. He had not dared scream or tell of his injury. He continued to c- control himself with extreme effort, and he suffered in silence. He had buried the finger, managed... Ew, gross. He buried his finger and managed to hide his mutilation by keeping his hand closed for several days. That's it, several days. Then, when the truth finally came out, it was too late for a restorative spell, for the finger was rotted out, rotted, and could not be reattached. A strong enough spell could have attached it, but it would have remained a so-called zombie finger. Ew, zombie finger. He had not been punished. His mother, Bianca, believed he had learned all his lessons, and he had had. Had? Had. Had had. Next time he played with a cleaver, on the sly, he would watch where his fingers were. His father seemed privately pleased that Bink had shown so much courage and tenacity in adversity, even with his wrongdoing. "The lad's got nerve, I tell you," Roland had said. "Now, if he only had had that magic talent." Bink jerked his eyes away from the hand. That had been 15 years ago. Suddenly a year seemed short indeed, one year of service in exchange for a lifetime with Sabrina. It was a bargain. Yet, suppose he had no magic. He was to pay a year of his life to verify the certainty of being thrust into the dreary, to the dream realm without a talent? Or would it be better to accept exile, preserving the useless hope that he, that he did have a, unvisible, a non-noticable talent? Sabrina, respecting his flurry of contemplation, began her holograph. A haze of blue appeared before her, hanging over the slope. It expanded, thinning at the edges, intensifying in the center until it was two feet in dia- diameter. It looked like thick smoke, but it was blue, and it did not dissipate or drift. Now she began to hum. She had a good voice, but not a great one. But right now, her magic, at the sound, the blue cloud quivered and solidified, becoming roughly spherical. Then she changed her pitch, and the outer rim turned yellow. She opened her mouth, singing the word girl, and the colors assumed the shape of a young lass in a blue dress with yellow frills. The figure was three-dimensional, visible from all sides, with differing perspectives. It was a fine talent Sabrina has had. She could sculpt anything. But the images vanished the moment her concentration stopped and never had any physical substance. So this was, strictly speaking, ah, useless magic. Ah, useless magic. It did not improve her life in any situation, in any material fashion of any s- kind whatsoever. Yet how many talents really did help their people, if you think about it? One person could make a leaf, uh, one person could make a leaf of a tree wither and die as soon as he looked at it. Another person could create the o- the odor of sour milk. Another could make insane laughter bubble up from the ground. These were all magic, no question about it. But what use were they? What was it good for? Why should such people qualify as citizens of Zanth while Bink, who was smart, strong, handsome, was disqualified?... yet this stupid, stupid rule, his stupid, absolute rule: no non-magical person could remain beyond his quarter-century mark. Sabrina was right. He had to identify his talents. He had never been able to find it on his own, so he should pay the good magician's price. Not only would he preserve him from exile, which really might be a fate worse than death, honestly. Since that was the point of... What was the point to live a life without magic? Also, he would win him Sabrina, a fate considerably better than his death. It would also redeem him of his battered self-respect, which at this time, he had no choice. "Oh, Sabrina!" he exclaimed, clasping her hands to depart. The hologram dissolved, the blue-dressed girl distorting grotesquely before... as she vanished. Bink stepped toward her, alarmed. But even as he moved, there was a loud juvenile laughter. "Ha, ha, ha, ha!" Sabrina whiffed furiously. "Numbo, you stop that!" she cried. She was one of those girls who was... has an appealing anger as in joy. "It's not funny! Stop laughing!" It was, of course, Numbo, who had given her a magical hot seat. Fiery pain in the posterior. Talk about a useless talent. Bink, his fists clenched so tightly that his thumb jammed into the stub of his missing finger, strode toward the grinning youth standing behind the lookout rock. Numbo was 15, cocky and annoying. He needed a lesson. But Bink's foot struck a loose rock, which turned his ankle long enough to cost him his balance. It didn't hurt, but it interrupted his forward progress and his hand swung toward his fingers... His hand swung forward and his fingers touched an invisible wall. There was another s- shout of laughter. "Ra, ha, ha, ha!" Bink hadn't crashed headlong into the raw- w- Bink hadn't crashed headlong into the wall, thanks to the providential stone under his foot, but evidently, someone thought he had had. "You too, Click," Sabrina said. That was Click's talent, the wall. It was a kind of compliment to Sabrina's talent. Instead of being visible, instead of being visi- v- visible without substance, it had substance without visibility. It was only six feet square and, like so many talents, it was strictly temporary, but it was hard, it was hard as steel in the first few moments. Bink could, and he did, dodge around it and run like the kid down, but he was unsure... but, but he was sure to get caught several times by, by that remanifesting wall and suffer more damage than he could do to the boy. It wasn't worth it. If only he had had a talent of his own, such as Numbo's hot seat, he could make that joker sorry, regardless of the wall. But he didn't, and Click knew it. Everyone knew it. And that was Bink's, Bink's big problem. He was fair game for all the pranksters because he couldn't strike back. He couldn't strike back, not magically, and it was deemed crass to do it physically. Right now, he was quite ready to be crass, however. "Let's get out of here, Bink," Sabrina said. There was disgust in her voice, nominally directed at the intruders, but Bink suspected part of it applied to him. An impotent kind of rage... impotent? An impotence kind of rage began building up, one after he had felt many times before, and he had never gotten used to it. He had been balked, B-L-K-E-D, from proposing to her, the la- by her lack of talent, by his lack of talent.

... and he could not stay there for the same reason. Not here at the Lookout Rock, here in Xanth. He didn't fit. He had no magic. He needs magic. Xan- Xanth is magical. There's no fucking... He can't stay here if he's got no fucking magic? They walked down... They walked back down the path. The jokers, getting no further rise from their prey, went in search of their mi- other mischief. The landscape no longer... will no longer seemed so li- so lovely. Maybe he'd better be off and get away from here. Maybe he should... Maybe he should take, take off now, not waiting to be officially exiled. If Sabrina really did love him, she'd go with him even to the outside. Even into Mundania. No, no. He knew better than that. Sabrina loved him. She loved Xanth also. She had such a sweet shape, such kissable lips, that she could find another man much more easily than she ought... than she could adjust to the rigors of life among the non-magical. For that matter, he could find another girl more easily than what he had faced. So, probably, objectively s- speaking, he'd be better off going alone. So why didn't he... Why didn't his heart agree? And that's a... That's a good question. Why don't hearts agree sometimes with the brain? But anyway, they passed... Magic or not. They passed a brownstone to where the chameleon had been perched, and he shuddered. "Brr!" "Why don't you just ask Justin?" Sabrina sugest- suggested as they approached the village. It was dusk, closing in faster here than it did up at Lookout Rock. The village lamps were coming in. Bink glanced across to the unique tree she indicated. There were many kinds of trees in Xanth, a number of them vital to the ceremony. Beer barrel trees were tapped for drink, and oil barrel trees for their fuel. And Bink's own footwear came from the mature shoe tree east of the village. But Justin Tree was something special. A species never sprouted from seed. Its leaves were shaped like flat hands, and its trunk was the hue of a tanned human flesh. This was scarcely surprising, since at... well, at one time, it had been human. Ew. The tree had been human? Gross! In an instant, that history flashed across Bink's mind. Part of the dynamic folklore of Xanth. 20 years ago, there had been one of the greatest... There had been one of the greatest of evil magicians, a young name n- nam- a young man named Trent. He had possessed the power of transformation, the ability to change any living thing into any other living thing instantly. Ooh! That's better than making an invisible wall show up. Not satisfied with his status of magician, he granted in recognition to the awesome strength of his magic. Trent had sought to use his power to preempt the throne of Xanth. Trent's procedure had been to simp- had been simple and the most direct. He transformed anyone who opposed him into something that he... that could not oppose him. The worst threats he converted into fish, to fish on the dry land, allowing them to flop and flop until they died. Oh my gosh. The mere nuances he had changed to animals or plants. The mere nuisances he changed into plants or animals. Thus, several intelligent animals owed their status to him. Though they were dragons, two-headed wolves, and land octopi, they had retained their intelligence and perspective of their original human origins. Trent was gone, but now his works remained, for there was no other transformer to change them back. Holographs, hot seats, and invisible walls were qualifying talents, but transformation was a different order. Only once in a generation did power manifest from an individual, and it seldom manifested twice in the same form Justin had been one of those... Had been one of the ma- Justin had been one of Magician Trump's, Magician Trent... Justin had been one of Magician Trent's annoyances. No one remembered exactly what he had done to Justin's. It was just a tree. No one had the ability to change him back into a man. It's the bottom line. Justin's own talent had been voice projection. "I'm over here! No, I'm over here!" Justin's own talent had been voice projection, not the parlor trick that was ventri- ventriloquism or that trivial talent of insane laughter. But genuine, comprehensible utterance at a distance without the use of his vocal cords. He had retained this talent as a tree. Oh, you can still do this as a tree. That's cool. And as he had a great deal of time for thought, villagers often came to this tree for advice. Often it was good advice. Justin was no genius, but a tree had a greater objectivity about human problems than they had about themselves. It occurred to Bink that Justin might actually be better off as a tree than he had been as a man. He liked people, but it was said that in human form, he had not been very handsome. As a tree, he was quite stately and no threat to anyone. They veered to approach Justin. Suddenly a voice spoke directly in front of them. "Do not approach, friends. Ruffians are lurking." Bink and Sabrina drew up short. "Is that you, Justin," she asked, "who's lurking?" But the tree could not answer... The tree could not hear as well as it could speak and did not answer. Wood did not seem to make the best ears. Bink, angry, took a step toward it. "Justin is a public scenery," he muttered. "Nobody has the right to-" "Please, Bink," Sabrina urged, pulling back an arm. "We don't want any trouble."No, she never wanted any trouble. She never wanted any damn trouble." He would not go so far as to call this a fault in her, but at times, it became annoyingly inconvenient to Bink himself. Had never let trouble bar him from a matter of principle. Still, Sabrina was beautiful, and he had caused her trouble enough already tonight. He turned to accompany her away from the tree. "Hey, no fair!" a voice exclaimed. "They're going away." "Justin mud have ta- Justin must have tattled," another voice cried. "Then let's chop down Justin!" Bink halted again. "They wouldn't," he said. "Of course they wouldn't," Sabrina agreed. "Justin is a village, Justin is a village monument. Ignore them." But the voice of the tree came again, a bit misplaced in relation to Bink and Sabrina. Evidence of poor concentration. "Friends, friends! Please fetch the king quickly. These ruffians have an ax or something, and there be- and they're- they've been eating loco berries. Holy shit, they're eating crazy berries." "An ax?" Sabrina exclaimed in sheer horror. "An ax? Ah!" "The king is out of town," Bink muttered. "Anyway, he's senile." "And he hasn't summoned more than a summer sh- shower, and he hasn't summer, and he hasn't summer, summoned more than a summer shower in years," Sabrina agreed. Kids didn't dare make so much mischief when he has had, when he has had his full magic. "We certainly didn't," Bink said. "Remember the hurricane flanked by the six tornadoes that he summoned to put down the last wiggle spawning? He was a real storm king then. He-" There was a ringing sound of metal biting into wood, a scream of sheer agony erupted into the air. "Aah!" Bink and Sabrina jumped. "That's Justin," she said. "They're doing it." "No time for the king anyway," Bink said, and he charged towards the tree. "Bink, you can't. You don't have any magic." So the truth came out of it. In the moment of crisis, she really didn't believe he had a talent. "I've got muscle, though," he yelled. "You go for help." Justin scr- "Aah!" Justin screamed again as the black, as the blade struck a second time. It was an eerie wooden noise, and there was laughter, the merry mirth of kids out on a lark, having no care at all what consequences their actions might have. Loco? This was a mere insensitivity. Then Bink was there, and he was not alone. Just when he was in the mood for a good fight, the malicious pranksters had scattered. He, he could guess their identities, but he didn't have to. "Jama, Zinc, and Potifur," Justin Tree said. "Ooh, my foot. Ooh." Bink squatted to inspect the cut. The white wood wound was clearly visible in contrast to the shoe-like bark of the base of the tree trunk. Driblets of reddish sap were forming and much like the blood, not too serious for the tree this size, but surely extremely and uncom- but very ex- uncomfortable. "I'll get some, I'll get, I'll get some compresses for that," Bink said. "There's some coral sponge in, in the forest near here. Yell if anyone bothers you while I'm gone." "I will," Justin had said. "Hurry." And then as a th- after a thought, Justin the tree said, "You're a great guy, Bink. You know that? You're a great fucking guy. Much better than, than someone who just has some magic."

... Bink finished for him. "Thanks. Thanks! Thanks. Thanks for trying to spare my feelings." Justin meant well, but sometimes spoke before he thought. It came from having a wooden brain. That's fair. If you have a wooden brain, you might say wooden thoughts. "It isn't fair that that louts like Jamma are called citizens while you, Bink, and all your strength and intelligence, you..." "Thanks, Bink. Thanks," Bink said gruffly, moving off. He agreed completely, but what was the use of talking about it? He watched out for anyone lurking in the bushes, waiting to bother Justin when the tree was unprotected, but saw nobody. Not know- knowing how to see no body there. They were really gone. Jamma, Zink, and Potfer, he thought darkly, the village troublemakers. Jamma's talent was the Manifestation of a Sword, and that was what they had chopped Justin's trunk. Anyone who could imagine that such... Anyone who could imagine that such vandalism was funny, oh my gosh. Bink remembered one of his own bitter experiences with that bunch, not too many years ago. Intoxicated by loco berries, again those three, Jamma, and- and- and- and Jamma, Zink, and Potifer's doing them damn loco berries. Now there they go again, Jamma, Zink, and Potifer doing more loco berries. The three had lurked in a- lurked in an ambush along one of the paths al- beyond the village, just looking for mischief. Just looking for trouble. Bink and her friend- Bink and a wonderful friend had walked into the trap, perfectly cleaned, and they had been backed up against a cloud of poison gas. That- that was Potifer's magic talents, making a cloud of magic glec- poison gas appear. While Zink made mirage holes. Mirage- Zink made mirage holes near their feet and Jamma materialized flying swords for them to duck. Assholes. Bink's friend had used his magic to escape, animating a golem. Eh, Bink's friend had used magic to help them escape, animating a golem from a stick of wood that took his place. The golem had resembled him exactly, so that it fooled the pranksters. Bink had known the difference, of course, but he had covered his friend. Unfortunately for the golem- unfortunately, the golem was immune to poison gas. Bink was not. He had inhaled some of it and lost consciousness even after help arrived. His friend had brought Bink's mother and father. Bink found himself holding his breath again as a poison cloud enveloped him. He saw his mother tugging at his father's arm, pointing Bink away. Bianca's talent was Replay. She could jump time back five seconds in small- in a small area. This was very much limited but deviously powerful magic, for it enabled her to correct a just-made mistake, such as Bink's- su- such as Bink's breath of poison gas. To her mom can, uh, small time- she- she can re- the mom's talent was in re- was Replay. She could jump- she could jump back five seconds in a small area. Man. Then his- ah, then his breath had whooshed out again, making Bianca's magic useless. She could see- she- she could keep replaying the scene indefinitely, but everything was replayed, including his breath. But Roland looked piercingly at Bink, had frozen. Roland's talent was the Stun Gaze. One special glance and what looked was a- and what he looked at was frozen in place, alive but immobile, unless rel- until released, in a manner Bink had- in a manner Bink had been prevented from breathing the gas a second time until his rigid body had been carried out. As the stun abated and faded- abated and faded, he had found himself in his mother's arms. "Oh, my baby!" she cried, cradling Bink's head against her bod- big, big, f- soft bosom. "Did they hurt you, my son? Oh-hoo-hoo-hoo." Bink came to an abrupt stop by the bed of a sponge, his face flushing even now with the keen embarrassment of the memory. Had she had to do that? Certainly she had saved him from an earthly death, but he- but he had been the laughing- laughing stock of the village for an interminable time, an unende- an e- for an unending time, and it seemed interminable time after thereafter. Everywhere he went, kids said, "My baby!" And they sniggered. They sniggered. He had his life at the expense of his pride. Yet, he knew he could not blame his parents. He had blamed Jamma and Zink and Potifer. Bink had no magic, but perhaps for that reason he was the huskiest boy in the village. He had to fight as long as he could remember. He was not especially well-coordinated, and he didn't have a lot of raw power. He had gone after Jamma privately and demonstrated convincingly that the fist was swifter than the magic sword . Then Zink, and finally Potifer. Bink had hurled him into his own gas cloud, forcing him into it to dissolve it very suddenly. Those three had not sniggered at Bink after that. In fact, they tended to avoid him a whole lot, which is why they had scattered when he charged the tree. Together, they could have overcome him, but they had been- they had been well-conditioned by those separate encounters. Bink smiled, his embarrassment replaced by a grim pleasure. Grr. Perhaps his manner of dealing with the situation had been immature, but there had been a lot of satisfaction in it. Down underneath, he knew it had been his irritation at his mother that motivated him, displaced to people like Jamma. But he did not regret it. He did love his mother, after all.But in the end, his only chance to redeem himself had been to find his own magic talents, a good strong one like that of his father, Roland, so no one would dare tease him or laugh at him or baby him again, ever again, so that pure shame would not drive him from Xanth, so that... S- and that had never happened before. He was known contemptually... H- he was known contemptuously as the Spellless Wonder. The Spellless Wonder. He stooped... I like that, the Spellless Wonder. He stooped to gather several good strong sponges. These would abate Justin's tree discomfort, for that was their magic. They absorbed agony and spread the healing comfort. A number of plants and animals, he was quite not sure which category of sponges fit that. The advantages of the sponges w- was that they were mobile. Plucking them would not kill them. They were tough. They'd migrated from the water when the corals did, and now they thrived on the land. Probably their magic healing properties had been developed to facilitate their lives in the new medium, or maybe before the mi- the migration, since coral was cutting, cutting stuff. Talents tended to run in schools, with one overlapping another, thus many variants of each type of magic showed up in the plant and animal kingdoms. But among people, magic varied extremely widely. It seemed that individual personality had more to do with it than heredity or genes, though the strongest magic tended up... to turn up in particular family lines, as if strength of magic was hereditary, while the type of magic was environmental. Hmm. It seemed that individual... It seemed like individual personality had more to do with it than genes, hereditary, although the strongest magic did tend to turn up in particularly... in per- particular family lines, as if strength... the strength of magic was based on genes, but the type of magic was environmental. Bink could fit a lot of reflection into a passing moment. If reflection were magic, he'd be a magician. But right now, he'd better concentrate on what he was doing, or he'd be in trouble. Dusk was intensifying. Dismal shapes were rising out of the forest, hovering as if seeking prey. Eyeless and formless, they nevertheless conducted themselves with a disquieting awareness orientating on Bink or su- or seeming to. More magic was unexplained. More magic was unexplained than safely catalog- cataloged. The will-o'-the-wisp caught Bink's nervous eye. He started to follow the half-glimpsed light, then abruptly caught himself. The lure of the wisp was sheer mischief. It would lead him into the wilderness and lose him there, prey to the hostile magic of the unknown. One of Bink's childhood friends had followed the wisp and never returned. Warning enough. Night transformed Xanth. Regions like this one that were innocent by day became horrors as the sun sneaked down, horrors as the sun sneaked down. Specters and shades came out, questioning for their nas- their ghastly satisfactions, and occasionally a zombie ripped free from its grave and marched clumsily about. No sensible person slept outdoors, and every house in the village had repulsion spells against the supernatural. Bink did not share the shortcut back to Justin Tree. He would have to go the long way, following the looping but magically protected trails. It was not... This was not timidity, but it was necessity. He ran not from fear, for there was no real danger on this charmed route. He knew the paths too well to stray accide

... dentally from them. But in order to reach Justin more swiftly, Justin's flesh was wood, but it did hurt every bit as much as if it were normal flesh. How anyone could be so crass as to chop Jos- to chop that Justin tree. Bink passed a field of sea oats, hearing the pleasant swish and gurgle of their oceanic tides. When harvested, they made excellent foamy broth, except that it tended to be rather salty. The bowls could be filled, the bowls could o- only be filled halfway. Otherwise, the broth's continuing sea waves slopped over. He remembered the wild oats he had planted as an adolescent. Sea oats were restless, but their cousins, the wild oats, were hyperactive. They had fought him savagely, their stems slashing across his wrists as he tried to harvest a ripe ear. He had gotten it, but he had uncomfortably scratched and abraded before getting clear of the patch. He had planted those few wild seeds in a secret plot behind his house and watered them every day, the natural way. He had guarded the bad-tempered shoots from all harm. His anticipation was growing. What an adventure for a teenaged male, until his mother, Bianca, had discovered the plot. Alas, she had recognized the species instantly. There was been a prompt family hassle. "How could you?" Bianca demanded, her face flaming. But Roland had labored to suppress his admiring, his admiring smile. "Sowing wild oats!" he mumbled. Oh, oh, that's where the dad says, "Sowing wild oats," he murmured. "That's my boy! That's my boy!" "Now, Roland, you know that's..." "Dear, dear, dear. It, it isn't as if there's any real harm in it. Boy's just sowing his oats." "No harm?" she said. "No harm? It is a perfectly natural urge for a young man." But her furious expression had halted Bink's father, who feared nothing in Xanth, but was more normally a peaceful man. Roland sighed and turned to Bink. "I gather you know what you are doing, son." Bink felt excruciatingly defe- defensive. "Well, well, yes. Th- the nymph of the oats..." "B- Bink!" Bianca snapped warningly. He had never seen her so angry before. Roland held up his hands, making peace. "Dear, dear, why don't you let us work it out man-to-man? The boy's got a right." And so, Roland had betrayed his own bias when his man-to-man chat was with Bink. It, it was with a boy. Without another word, Bianca had stalked out of the house. Roland turned to Bink, shaking his head in a gesture that was only nominally negative. Roland was a powerful, handsome man with a special way with gestures. "Genuine wild oats, cold thrashing from the stem, sown by a full moon, watered with your own urine." And Bink nodded, his face halved heat. "So that when the plants mature and the oat nymph manifest, she will bou- uh, she will be able to bound you. She will be able to b- to bound to you, the fertilizer figure." So that when the plants mature and that oat nymph manifests, she will be bound to you, that fertilizer figure. Bink nodded grimly. "Son, believe me. I comprehended the attraction. I sowed wild oats myself when I was your age. Son, believe me. I comprehend the attraction. I sowed the wild oats myself when I was your age. Got me a nymph too, with flowing green hair and a body like the great outdoors. But I had forgotten about a special watering, and so she escaped me. I never saw anything so lovely in my life, except your mother, of course." Roland had been sowing, sowing wild oats? Bink had never imagined such a thing. "What the hell? Dad, you doing running oats?" He remained silent, afraid of what was coming. "I made the mistake of confessing about the oats to your mom, Bianca," Roland, the dad, said. "I fear she became somewhat sensitized on this subject, and you caught the brunt. These things can happen, son." So his mother was jealous of something that had happened in his father's life before he married her. What a pitiful concept Binky had stumbled into unwittingly. Roland's face became serious. "To a young man, inexperienced, the notion of a lovely nude captive nymph may be phenomenally tempting. All the physical attributes of a real woman and none of the mental ones. But son, this is a juvenile dream, like finding a candy tree. The reality, the reality really would not be what you anticipated. One quickly comes surfeited, surfeited, tired of unlimited candy, and so it is also with this mindless, with a mindless female body. A man cannot love a nymph. She might as well be air. His ardor rapidly turns into boredom and into disgust." Still, Bink dared not comment. He would not have, he would not have become bored. He was sure. Roland understood him. "Son, what you need is a live, real girl," he concluded. "A figure with a personality who will talk back to you, not that stupid-ass fucking gay phone you have. It is far more challenging to develop a relationship with a complete real woman, and often extremely frustrating." He glanced meaningfully at the door through which Bianca departed."... but in the long run it is far more rewarding. And, uh, you, what... What you sought in the Wild Oats is a shortcut in life, and there are no shortcuts." He smiled. "Though if it had been up to me, I might have let you try the shortcut. No harm in it, no harm at all. But your mother, but your nov-... Your mother, well, ah, we have a conservative culture here, uh, and ladies tend to be the most conservative, especially the pretty ones. It's a small village, smaller than it used to be, so everybody knows their neighbor's business, s- so we circumcise. You, you know what I mean?" Bink nodded uncertainly. When his father laid down the law, however circumspectly, his final was, "No more oats, son." "Your mother, well, she was caught by surprise by your growing up. The oats are ou-... The oats are out. She's probably rooting them up right this instant, but you still have a lot of good experience ahead of you. Bianca might think that ch-... Of you as a little boy forever, but she can't balk your nature, not more than five seconds, so she'll simply have to go along with it." Roland paused. But Bink was silent again, unsure of what his father was leading up to. "There's a girl due to move here from one of the smaller villages," Roland continued. "Theoretically, this is proper schooling since we don't have the best sentor schoolmaster in Xanth, but I suspect the underlying reason is, is that there simply aren't that many eligible f-... Boys in her village. I understand that she has not yet discovered her magic talent, and she's about your age. Ooh, sounds like a frickin' match." He paused to glance meaningfully at Bink. "Son, this chick's got no magic. Awesome. I think she could use a handsome, healthy young man to show her around and warn her of the local hazards. I understand she is extremely pretty and extremely smart and a soft spoken... Rare combina-... And soft-spoken. Hmm, woman who's soft-spoken, who's pretty and smart. Yeah, right." Then Bink began to understand. A girl, a real girl for him to get to know, one who could not be prejudiced by his lack of magic and Bianca would not be able to disapprove. Though privately she might dislike the fact of Bink's newly masculine drives, his father had given him a new viable option. Suddenly he realized he could do without the Wild Oats. "Her name is Sabrina," Roland said. A light ahead brought Bink back to the present. Someone was standing behind the Justin tree holding a magic lamp. "It's all right, Bink," Justin's voice said b-... In the air beside him. "Sabrina's brought help." But it wasn't needed. "Did you get the sponge?" "I got it," Bink said. So his little adventure had been no adventure at all, just like his life. As Sabrina helped him pack the sponge around Justin's wound, Bink realized that he had decided he could not go on this way anymore, like a nonentity. He could not go on being stomped on by his mom and dad. He couldn't go on being stomped on by his neighbors in the village. Can't go on like this. He would go. He would go to see the good magician, Humphrey, and to learn what his own mallet magic talent was. He glanced up. His eyes caught those of Sabrina glowing by the light of the lamp She smiled. She was even more lovely now than she had been when they had first met so many years ago when they were both been adolescents. She had always been true to him. There was no question Bink's father had been correct about the advantages and frustrations of a real live girl. Now it was up to Bink to do what he had to do. It was

"... -was up to Bink to do what he had to do, to become a real live man. Chapter two. Centaur. Bink set off on foot, swearing a s- stuffed knapsack and bearing a good hunting knife, and a home-cut staff. His mother had urged him, had urged him to let... Bink set off, Bink set off on foot, wearing a stuffed knapsack, and wearing a, bearing a good hunting knife and a home-cut staff. His mother urged him to let him hire a guide for him, but Bink had, Bink had had to refuse. The so-called guide would really be g- a guard to keep him safe. How in the, how in the world would y- how in the world would he ever live that down? Getting into wilderness beyond the village had its hazards for the unt- for the traveler unfamiliar with it. Few people hiked it alone. He really would have been better off with a guide. He could have had to transport his own winged steed, but that would have been expensive and risky in its own fashion. Griffins were often scaly creatures. He preferred to make his own way onto secure ground. If only to prove that he could, despite the fa- despite the fancied snickers of the village youths. Jamo wasn't snickering much at the moment, he was laboring under the mortification, mor- under the mortification spell the village elders had put him on, had put him for his attack on Justin Tree. At least Roland had understood. 'One day, you'll discover that the opinions of worthless people are worthless,' he had mur- told Bink. 'You have to do it your own way. I comprehend that, and I wish you well on your own.' Bink had a map and knew which path led to the castle of the good magician, Humphrey. Rather, which path had led there. The truth was that Humphrey was a crotchety old man who preferred isolation in the wilderness. Periodically, he moved his castle or changed the approaches to it by magical means, so that no one could ever be sure of finding it. Regardless, Bink intended to track the magician to his lair. The first leg of his journey was un- was familiar. He'd spent his whole life in the North Village and explored most of the surrounding bypass. Hardly any dangerous flora or fauna remained in the immediate vicinity, and those that were potential threats were well-known. He stopped to drink at the water hole near the huge needle cactus. As he approached, the plant quivered, making ready to fire on him. Bink said commandingly, 'I am from the North Village.' The cactus restrained, the keyword was friend. The thing certainly was not a friend, but it had to obey the gaze laid on it. No, no genuine stranger would know this, so the cactus was an effective guard against intruders. Animals below a certain size ignored it. Since most creatures have to have their water sooner or later, this was a confi- convenient compromise. Some areas had been ravaged occasionally by wild griffins and other large beasts. But not in the North Village. One experience with an irate needler, needler more than sufficed as a lesson of an animal lucky enough to survive it. Another hour's swift march brought him to less familiar territory. By definition, less safe. What did the people in this area use to guard their water holes? Unicorns trained to impale strangers? Well, he'd soon find out enough. The rolling hills and small lakes gave way to a rougher terrain. The strange plants appeared. Some had tall <|he|> antennae that swiveled to orient on him from a distance. Others emitted subtly attractive crooning noises, but had branches bearing powerful pinchers. Bink walked at a safe distance around them, taking no unnecessary risks. Once he had thought he'd spied an animal about the size of a man, but it had eight spider-legged legs. He moved on rapidly and silently. He saw a number of birds, but these were of little concern. Since they could fly and had been, and they, since they could fly, they had little need for defensive magic against man. So he had no cause to be wary of them, unless he saw any big birds, those that might consider him prey. Once he spied the monstrous form of the rock from the distance, and cowered down, letting it wing on without seeing him. So long as the birds were small, he actually preferred their company, for the insects and bugs were at times aggres- aggressive. In fact, a cloud of gnats formed around his head, casting a mass of sweat spell, casting a mass sweat spell that made him even more uncomfortable. Insects had an uncanny ability to discern those with no magic for defense. Maybe they merely used trial and error, getting away with whatever they could. Bink looked up for bug repellent weeds, but found none. Weeds were never where one wanted them. Weeds were never where one wanted them. His temper was getting short as the sweat streamed down his nose, into his eyes and mouth. Then two little sucker snaps swooped in, sucking up the gnats. He had, he had, he had relief. Yes, he liked the little birds. He made about ten miles in three... He made about ten miles in three hours, and was tiring. He was in good condition generally, but was not used to sustained marching with a heavy pack. Every so often, he got a twinge from the ankle and had to... To ankle, and had turned, and had turned, look out rock. Not a bad, not, not a bad twinge, for it turned out to be a minor hurt. Just enough to keep him from cautions.... he sat on a hillock, first making sure it contained no itch ants, though he did not have to... Though he did have a needle cactus. He approached this very cautiously, uncertain as to whether it had been tamed by the spell. "Friend," he said, and to just make sure, he spilled a few drops of water from his canteen onto the soil for its roots to taste. Apparently, it was all right. It did not let, i- it did not, it did not, it did not let him fly. It did not let... What the fuck? Even wild things often responded to common courtesy and respect, of course. Of course, even wild things respond to common courtesy and respect. Wild things d- that's what they... Wild things respond to... Wild things respond to respect. He broke out, he broke, he broke out the lunch lovingly packed by his mother. He had food for two days, enough to get him into the magician's castle under ordinary circumstances. Not that things in Xanth were usuallyary, usually ordinary. He hoped to extend that by staying overnight with some friendly farmer. He would need food for the return trip also, and in any event, did not relish the notion of sleeping outside. Night brought out special magic and it could be ugly. He did not want to find himself arguing cases with a ghoul or ogre, since the case would most likely be p- a proper disposition of his human bones, whether they should be consumed alive or eaten while he was, after he was gone. Different predators had different tastes. He, he bit the, he, he bit into the ch- caressimo... He bit into his sandwich, something crunched, startling him, but it was n- not... Uh, let me take... Oh, let me take... Then he heard something, the pounding of hooves. Some big animal was charging, or mounted man approaching. Either could mean trouble. Bink stuffed a chunk of winged cow cheese in his mouth, suffering a brief vision of how cow f- a cow flying up a graze on treetops. After being relieved of her load of milk on the ground, he closed up his pack and struggled, shrugged his arms into the straps. He took his long staff in both hands. He might have to fight or he might have to run. The creature came into sight. It was a centaur. The body of a horse with the upper torso of a man. He was naked. Ew! And in the manner of his kind, with mu- muscular flanks, broad shoulders, and an orny- ornery visage. Bink held his staff before him, ready to defend, but not aggressively so. He had little confidence in his ability to out, to outfight a massive creature, and no hope of outrunning him. But maybe the centaur was not unfriendly despite appearances, or did not know that Bink had no magic. The centaur pulled up close. He held his bow ready and ar- and ar- arrow knocked. He looked formidable indeed. Bink had developed a lot of respect for centaurs in school. This was obviously no elder sage, however, but a youthful brute. "You're trespassing," the centaur said. "Move off this range." "Now, wait," Bink said reasonably. "I'm a traveler following an established path. It's a public right of way." "Move off," the centaur repeated, his bow swinging in, around the camp menacingly. Bink was normally a, a good-natured fellow. But he had a certain ornery streak that manifest- manifestated at times. This journey

... was vitally important to him. This was a public path, and he had had his fill of deferring to magical menaces. The centaur was a magical creature having no existence in the mundane world beyond Xanth by all accounts. Thus, Bink's aggravation against magic was stirred up again, and he did something foolish. "'Go soak your tail!' he snapped. The centaur blinked. Now, he looked even huskier, his shoulders broader, his chest deeper, his equine body even more dynamic than before. Obviously, he was not accustomed to such language, at least not directed at him, and the experience startled him. In due course, however, he made the resolute mental and emotional adjustments, signaled by an awe-inspiring nodding and oversized models, muscles. A deep red, almost purple wash of color ascended from the hairy horse base up th- through the bare stomach of his, of the chest, accelerating by brightening up as if..." What the fuck? What a long sentence. A, a d- this is all one sentence. "A deep red, almost purple wash of color ascended from the hairy horse base up through the bare stomach and scarred chest, accelerating and brightening up as it funneled into the narrower neck and f-" It's still one sentence. "'And finally dying up the head and ugly face explosively.' As that inre- as that inexorable tide of red rage ignited his ears and penetrated into his brain, the centaur acted. His bung swung about and knocked an arrow, drawing back. As it bore on Bink, the arrow let fly. Naturally, Bink wasn't there. Ha. He had had ample opportunity to read the storm signals. As the bough moved, he ducked under. He then strained up under the centaur's nose and brought the staff around in a hard swing. Hell, yeah! Argh! He fetched the creature s- a smart crap on the shoulder, doing no actual harm, but d- ha- had to sting severely. The centaur emitted a bellow of his sheer impassioned rage. 'Argh!' And he whipped his bow around with his left hand while his right hand dived for a quiver of arrows hanging on his equine shoulder. But now Bink's staff was tangled in his bow. The creature threw down the bow. The action ripped the staff out of Bink's hands. The centaur made a huge fist. Bink scurried around to the rear as that fist swung at him. But the rear of the centaur was no safer than the front. One leg kicked at him v- violently. Through a freak of timing, it missed Bink and, and clubbed into the trunk of a needle cactus, of the needle cactus. Ha, ha, ha, needle cactus. The cactus responded with a barrage of flying needles. Even as the hoof struck, Bink threw himself flat on the ground. The needles overshot him and plucked into the handsome posterior, posterior of the centaur. More and more, once mo- once more, B- Bink had lucked out. It was miraculously untouched by either hoof or needles. The centaur neighed, 'Neigh,' with truly amazing volume. Those needles hurt. Each one was two inches long and barbed, and 100 of them decorated the gl- the glistening surface, tacking the tail of the donkey, as it were. He had the creature, had the creature been facing the cactus, he would, he could've been blinded or killed as the barbs punctured his face and neck. He was lucky too, though he hardly seemed to appreciate his fortune at the moment. Now, there were no bounds to the centaur's anger. An unholy contortion of utter rage ravaged his homely face. He did a massive prance, his hindquarters rising and descending in an arc, bringing his f- front part abrupt adjacent to Bink. Two crushingly powerful arms shot out and two horny hands closed about Bink's relatively puny neck. Slowly, they tightened with vice-like deliberation. Bink lifted off the ground so that his feet dangled. He knew he was about to be strangled. He could not even plead for mercy. For his air, for his ai- for his air and much of his blood were cut off. 'Chester!' a female voice cried. The centaur stiffened. This did not do Bink any good. 'Chester, you put that man down this instant. Do you want interspecies incident?' 'But Shari,' Per- Chester protested, his color abating sevel- several shades. 'He's an intruder and he asked for it.' 'He's on the king's path,' Shari said. 'Travelers are immune to molestation. You know that. Now, let him go.' The lady centaur hardly seemed to be in a position to enforce her demand, but Ch- Chester slowly bowed to her authority. 'Can't I just squeeze him a little?' he begged. 'Please.' Bink's eyeballs almost popped out of their sockets. 'If you do, I'll never run away with you again. Down.' 'Ah!' Reluctantly, Chester eased off. 'Argh.' Bink slid to the ground, reeling. What he had been, what a fool he had been to tangle with this brute. The female centaur caught him as he swayed. 'Poor thing,' she exclaimed, cushioning his head against a plush pillow. 'Are you all right?' Bink opened his mouth, gagged, and tried again. It seemed that i- that his crushed throat would never unkink. 'Y- yeah, I'm okay.' 'Who are you? What happened to your hand? Did Chester...' 'No, no,' Bink said hastily. 'He didn't bite off my finger. That's a childhood injury. See? It's long since healed over.' She inspected it carefully, running her surprisingly delicate fingers over it. 'Yes, I, I see. Still-"I'm Bink of the North Village," he said. He turned his head to face her and discovered the nature of the pillow he rested against. "Oh, no, not again," he thought. "Will I always be babied by women?" Centaur females were smaller than the males, but still stood, stood somewhat taller than human beings. Their humanoid proportions were somewhat, somewhat better endowed. He jerked his head away from her bare front. It was bad enough being babied by his mother, let alone a lady centaur. "I'm traveling south to see the magician Humphrey." Sherry nodded. She was a remarkably beautiful creature, both as a horse and as a human, with glossy flanks and a remarkable human forefigure. Her face was very attractive, only very slightly long of a nose, uh, in the equine manner. Her brown human hair trailed all the way down to her saddle region, balancing her sim- her similarly flowing tail. "And this ass waylaid you?" "And this ass waylaid you?" I don't know what that means. Well, Bink looked at Chester again, noting the ripping muscle beneath his deadly glower. What would happen when the filly departed? "It was... It was a misunderstanding." "I'll bet," Sherry said, but Chester relaxed a trifle. Evidently, he did not want to tangle with his girlfriend. Bink could, uh, readily appreciate why. If Sherry was not the loveliest and spunkiest centaur he'd ever, of the herd, she was surely close to it. "I'll just be moving on now," Bink said. He could hardly have done this at the outset, allowing Chester... He could, uh, he could have done this at the outset, allowing Chester to run him off in a southerly direction. He had been much too blamed for the altercation as a centaur. "Sorry about the problem." He held out his hand to Chester. Chester showed his teeth, which were more like horse's teeth than human ones. He made a big fist. "Chester!" Sherry snapped. Then as the centaur guiltily relaxed his fist, "What happened to your flank?" The male's complexion darkened again, but not precisely with rage this time. He trotted, he trotted his damaged posterior around to avoid the inquiring gaze of the female. Bink had almost forgotten about the needles. They must be... They must still be hurting, and it would hurt a lot more to yank them all out. What a pain in the tail. A most awkward locale to discuss in mixed c- to discuss in mixed company. He almost felt sympathy for the surly creature. Chester suppressed his assorted reactions with a fine disciplined, with fine discipline and took Bink's hand. "I hope everything's come out all right... I hope everything comes out all right in the end," Bink said with a smile that became a bit broader than he intended. In fact, he feared that it, it resembled a smirk. And abruptly, he knew he shouldn't have chosen those particular words for that particular expression on this particular occasion. Something hom- homicidal? S- s- something read in the whites of the centaur's eyes. Yeah, something homicidal read in the whites of the centaur's eyes. "Quite all right." He gritted his teeth through the grinding of a clenched fist. His hand began to squeeze, his eyes were not yet so bloodshot as to miss the filly's glare. The fingers relaxed unwillingly. Another close call. Bink could have had his finger bones pulped in that grip. "I'll give you a lift," Sherry decided. "Chester, put him on my back." Chester put his hands under Bink's elbows and hoisted him like a feather

"... for a moment, Bink feared he would be flown, thrown 50 feet. But Sherry's fair eye was still on them, so he landed safely and gently on the lady's back. 'Is that your staff?' she inquired, gancing at the tangled staff and bow. And Chester, without even being directed, lifted the staff and returned it to Bink, who tucked it in slantwise between his back and his pack for easy transport. 'Put your arms around my waist so you won't fall off when I move,' Sherry said. Good advice. Bink was exp- inexperienced at riding, and there was no saddle. Very few honest horses remained in Xanth. Unicorns were very touchy about being mounted, and the winged horses were almost impossible to catch or tame. Once, when Bink was a child, a horsefly had been, had been signed by... A horsefly had been signed by a dragon, losing its flight feathers, and had had to prostitute itself so far as to give the villagers short rides in exchange for food and protection. The moment it had recovered, it had flown away. That had been Bink's only, that had been Bink's only prior riding experience. He leaned forward. The staff interfered, preventing him from bending back. He leaned forward. The staff interfered, preventing him from bending his back sufficiently. He reached back to draw it out, and then it fell out, it fell out of his hands onto the ground. There was a snort from Chester that sounded suspiciously like humor, but the centaur paid... Uh, we... 'You got them needles in your ass.' He leaned forward... Duh-duh-duh, duh-duh-duh, duh-duh-duh, duh-duh-duh, duh-duh. 'We've got to get those damn needles out of your ass,' Sherry began speaking over her. 'Right away,' Chester interrupted. He waited for her to start, then turned and cantered off in the direction that he had come from, a little awkwardly. Probably each motion inflamed his hindquarters even more. Sherry trotted down the path. 'Chester is really a good creature at heart,' she said, apologetically. 'But he tends to be a bit arrogant, and he tends to get his tail all knotted up when tested. We've had some trouble with ally- outlaws recently, and...' 'Human outlaws?' Bink asked. 'Yes, yes. Yes, yes. Kids from the north doing mischief magic, gassing our livestock, shooting swords through trees, making d- dangerous pits to seem to appear under our feet, and that sort of thing. So nat- naturally, Chester assumed...' 'I know the culprits,' Bink said. 'I had a scrape with them myself earlier today. They've been grounded now. If I had known they were coming down here.' 'There, there just doesn't seem to be much discipline in th- in these range these days,' she said. 'According to the covenants, your king is supposed to keep the order. But recently...' 'Our king is getting old,' Bink exclaimed. 'He's losing his power. There's been a lot of trouble cropping up. He's used to being the ma- he's used to being, he's used to being a major magician, a storm-brewer.' 'We know,' she agreed. 'When the fireflies infested our oat fields, he generated a storm that rained five days and drowned them all. Of course, it also ruined our crops, but the flies were g- doing that already. Every day, new fires. At least we were able to replant without fur- further molestation. We are not g- we are not forgetting the help we rendered, so we don't want to make an issue out of it. But I don't know how much longer scions like Chester are going to put up with these annoyances. But that's why I wanted to talk with you. Maybe when you go home, if you could call things to the attention of the king.' 'I don't think that would work. I'm sure the king wants to keep order, he just doesn't have the power anymore.' 'Then perhaps it's time for a new king.' 'He's getting senile, and that means he hasn't got the sense to step down and that won't, and, and won't admit there's even a problem.' 'Yes, but problems that don't go away... Yes, but problems don't go away for being ignored.' She made a delicate feminine snort. 'Something has to be done.' 'Maybe I can get some advice from the magician Humphrey,' Bink said. 'It's a serious business, deposing a king. I don't think the elders would go for it. He did do good work in his prime, and there's really nobody to replace him. You know that only a great magician can be king.' 'Well, of course. We centaurs are scholars too, you know.' 'Sorry, I forgot. Our scholo- our village sch- uh, our village school is run by a centaur. I just wasn't thinking of that in the wilderness.' 'Understandable, though. I call this range, not wilderness. I call this a range, not wilderness. I specialize in humanoid history, and Chester studies horsepower applications. Others are legal scholars, experts in natural sciences, philosophers.' She broke off. 'Now hang on, there's a trench up here, up here I've had to hurdle.' Bink had been relaxing, but now he leaned forward again and clasped his hands tightly around her waist. She had a sleek, comfortable back, but it was too easy to slide off. However, if she weren't a centaur, if he wer- if she weren't a centaur, he would never have got, had the nerve to assume such a position. Sherry picked up speed galloping down the hill, and the motion made him bounce alarmingly. Peering ahead o- under his arm, she saw the trench. Trench? It was a gorge some 10 feet across, rushing up at them. Now he was more than alarmed. He was frightened. His hi- his hands became sweaty, and he began to slide off the side. She leaped, fwoosh, with a single mighty spasm of her haunches and sailed up and across. Bink slipped further, and had a glimpse of the stony bottom of the trench. Then they landed. The jolt caused him to slide around even more. His arms scrambled desperately for a more secure hold, and wandered into distinctly awkward territory. Yet, if he let..."Go?" Sherry caught him around the waist and sent him to the ground. "Easy," she said. "We made it." Bink blushed. "I- I'm sorry. I started to fall. I just grabbed..." "I know what you grabbed. I felt your weight shift as I leaped. If you had done it on purpose, I'd have had to dropped you in the trench." And in that instance, she looked uncomfortably like Chester. He believed her. She could drop a man into a trench if she had reason to. Centaurs were tough creatures. "Maybe I'd better walk now." "No, there's another trench. They've been opening up recently. Well, I could climb down one side and up the other carefully. It would take longer, but..." "No, there are nickelpedes at the bottom." Bink wailed. Nickelpedes were like centipedes, but about five times as large and way more deadly. Their forest of legs could cling to the vertical rock faces and their pinchers could gouge out the discs of flesh an inch across. They inhabited shadowed cur- crevices, not liking direct sunlight. Even dragons hesitated to walk through the ditches to have been inf- known to be infested by nickelpedes, and for good reason. "The cracks have been opening up recently," Sherry continued as she kneeled and to permit Bink... As Sherry continued as she kneeled to permit Bink to mount her again. He picked up his drop staff and used it to help him climb. "I'm afraid there's no been, big magic brewing somewhere, spreading throughout Xanth, causing discord in animal, vegetable, and mineral kingdoms. I'll get you across the next trench." "Then it's beyond centaur territory." It hadn't occurred to him that there would be such barriers. They didn't show the, they didn't show on this map. The trail was supposed to be clear and reasonably safe throughout. But the map had been made years ago, and these cracks in the ground were new. Sherry said, "Nothing in Xanth was permanent, and travel was always somewhat risky. He was lucky, and he obtained the lady centaur's help." The landscape changed, as if the trench separated one type of place from another. Before, it had been rolling hills and fields. Now it was forest. The path became narrower, crowded by huge mock-pine trees, and the forest floor was a red, blo- brown carpet of mock-needs. Here and there were patches of light green ferns, which seemed to thrive where weeds could not, and regions of dark green moss. A cold wind gusted through, tousling Sherry's hair and mane, carrying strands back against Bink. It was quiet here, and there was a pleasant piney smell. He felt like dismounting and lying down in a bed of moss, just appreciating this s- this peaceful spot. "Don't do it," Sherry warned. Bink jumped. "I didn't know centaurs practiced magic." "Magic?" she inquired. She, she was frowning. "You read my mind." She laughed. "Hardly. We do no magic, but we do know the effect these woods have on humans. It's a peace spell the trees make to protect themselves from getting chopped." "Nothing wrong in that," Bink said. "I wasn't gonna chop them anyway." "They don't trust you and your good intentions. I'll show you." She stepped carefully off the beaten trail, her hooves sinking into the soft pine needle floor. She threaded her way through several dagger-spoked buck s- dagger-spoked buck spruce trees, past a thin snake palm, which didn't even bother to hiss at her, and stopped near a tangle willow. Not too near, everyone, but better than that. "There," she murmured. Bink looked where her hand had pointed. A human skeleton lay on the ground. "Murder?" he asked. "Murder?" he asked, shivering. "No, just sleep. He came to rest here, as you wished to do just now, and-

... never got up the gumption to depart. Complete peace is an insidious thing. "Yes," he breathed. No violence, no distress, just lost- loss of initiative. Why bother to work and eat when it's so much easier to just relax? If a person wanted to commit suicide, this would be the ideal manner, but he had reason to live so far. "That's part of why I like Chester," Sheri said. He'll never succumb to anything like this. That was a certainty. There was no peace in Chester. Sheri guy- Sheri herself would never succumb, Bink thought, though she was considerably more gentle. Bink felt the lassitude despite the sight of the skeleton, but she was evidently able to resist the spell. Maybe the biology of centaurs differed enough, or maybe she had sav- savagery in her soul to let the angelic form of the pleasant words be masked. Most likely a bit of both. "Let's get out of here." She laughed. "Don't worry. I'll see you safely through, but don't come back this way alone. Travel with an enemy, if you can find one. That's best." "Better than a friend?" "Friends are peaceful," she exclaimed. Oh, that did make sense. He'd never relax under a pine tree if he were with- if he were with someone like Jamma- Jamma. He'd be too afraid of getting a sword in his gut. But what an ironic necessity, to locate an enemy to accompany one to walk through a peaceful forest. "Magic makes strange companions," he murmured. This peace spell also explained why there was so little other magic here. Other plants did not need individual defensive spells. No one was going to attack. Even the tangle tree had seemed... though there's quite- though he was sure it would make a grab when the- the chance had presented itself. Ay. Interesting how quickly magic faded when the immediate imperative of survival abated. No. There was magic, strong magic. It was a communal magic of the entire forest with each plant contributing its mot- modicum. Modicum? If a person could figure out a way to nullify the effect in himself, perhaps a- with a counter charm, perhaps he could live here in absolute safety. This was worth remembering. They threaded their way back to the path and resumed travel. Bink almost slid off his perch twice, falling aslee- asleep, each time awakening with a shock. He would never have- he would never have made it out of here alone. He was glad to see the pine forest thin, shifting into hard woods. He felt more alert, more violent, and that was good. Harder wood, harder feelings. "I wonder who was back there," Bink mused. "Oh, I know," Sheri answered. "I know. He was- he was one of the last wave who got lost, wandered in here, and decided to rest, forever." "But the last wavers were savage," Bink said. "They slaughtered indiscriminately." "All waves were savage when they come, with one exception," she said. "We centaurs know. We were there before, the first wave. We had to fight all of you until the covenant. You didn't have magic, but you did have weapons and numbers and vicious cunning. Many of us died." "My ancestors were first wave," Bink said with a certain pride. "We always had magic, and we never fought the centaurs." "Now, don't get aggressive, human, just because I took you to a- uh, took you out of the peace pine," she cautioned. "You do not have knowledge of our history." Bink realized that he'd better moderate his tone if he wanted to continue the ride, and he did want to continue. Sheri was a very pleasant company, and she obviously knew all about the local magic, so she was able to avoid all the threats. Last and most, she was giving his tired legs a good rest while bearing him forward rapidly. Already, she had taken him to a good 10 miles "I'm sorry. It was a matter of family pride." "Well, that's no bad thing," she sm- she said, mollified. She made her way delicately across the wooden trestle, over to a babbling brook. Suddenly, Bink was thirsty. "Can we stop for a drink?" he said. She snorted again, a very horse-like sound. "Not here. Anyone who drinks from that water becomes a fish." "A fish?" Suddenly, Bink was twice as glad to have this guide. He surely would have drunk otherwise, unless she was merely telling him that to tease him or was trying to scare him away from this area. "Why?" "The river- the river is trying to restock itself. It was cleaned out by the evil magician, Trent, 21 years ago." Bink remained a bit skeptical about this inanimate magic, especially about the- its potency. How could a river desire anything? Still, he remembered how the lookout rock had saved itself from being broken up. Better to play it safe and assume that some features of the landscape could cast spells. Meanwhile, the reference to Trent preempted his attention. "The evil magician was here? I thought this was a phenomenon of our own village." "Trent was everywhere," she said. "He wanted us centaurs to support him, and when we balked because of- of the covenant, you know, not to interfere in human business, he showed us his power by changing every fish in this river into a lightning bug. Then he departed. I think he figured that those shocking buggers would force us to change our minds." "Why didn't he change the fish into a human army and then try to- and then- and try to conquer you that way?" No good, Bink. They might have had the bodies of men, but their minds- their minds would have remained as fishThey would have been very wishy-washy soldiers. And even if they had been good solders- soldiers, they would have had served the man who had put them under that enchantment. They would have attacked Trent." "Oh, yes, I wasn't thinking. So he transformed them into lightning bugs and got away, eh, eh, lightning bugs and, and got well away from there so they couldn't shock him. So they went for the next best thing." "That's right!" "It was a bad time for us. Oh, those bugs, they were a pain. They pestered us in clouds, scorching us with their little lightning bolts. I've still got scars on my..." She paused, grimacing. "...On my tail." It was an obvi- ... It was obviously a euphemism. "What did you do?" Bink inquered- inquired, fascinated, glancing back to see whether he could locate the scars. What he could see seemed flawless. "Trent was exiled soon after that, and we got Humphrey to abate the spell." "But the Good Magician isn't a transformer." "No, but he told us where to find repellent magic to drive off the flies. Denied our electro-cooked flesh, the scourge soon died out. Good information is as good as action. Good information is as good as action, and the Good Magician certainly had the information." "That's why I'm going to him," Bink agreed. "But he charges a year's service for a spell." "You're telling us. Three hundred of Centaur, one year each. What a job." "All of you have to pay? What did he have to do?" "We are not permitted to tell," she said diff- diffidently. Now Bink was doubly curious. But he knew better than to ask again. A centaur's given word was inviolate. But what could Humphrey have n- needed done to... What... But what could Humphrey have needed done that he could not do himself via one of his hundred spells, or at least by means of a good information? Humphrey was basically a d- divinator. Anything he didn't know, he could, he could find out, and that gave him enormous power. Probably the reason the Village of the Elders had not asked the Good Magician what to do about their senile king was they knew he would answer, dispose the king and install a new, young, fresh magician instead. That they obviously weren't ready to do, even if they could find such a young magician to serve. Well, there were too many mysteries and too many problems in Xanth, and it was hardly given to Bink to know all of them or to solve any. He had learned long ago to bow, however e- however ungraciously, to the inevitable. They were past the river now and climbing. The trees were closing into more thickly, their great round roots ridging across the path. No hostile magic threatened. Either the centaurs had cleaned out the area, the- the- the way, or the villagers had cleaned out Bink's home region. Or Shiera knew this path so well that she avoided spells automatically without seeming to. Probably some of both. Life itself, he thought, involved many alternate explanations for perplexing questions and was generally, quote, "Same for both." Few things were hard and fast in Xanth. "What... What was that history you know that I don't?" Bink inquired, becoming bored on the trail. "About the waves of human colo- colonization." "We have records of all of them. Since the Shield and the coverment- covenant. Since the Shield and the Covenant, things have quieted down." The waves were terrors. "Not the first wavers," Bink said loyally. "We were peaceful." "That's what I mean. You are peaceful now, except for a few..."

"... of you- of your young hoodlums." "So you assume your ancestors were peaceful then?" "But my ancestors found it otherwise. They would have been happier had man never discovered Xanth." "My teacher was a centaur," Bink said. "He never said anything about..." "He'd have been fired if he had told you the truth." Bink felt uneasy. "You're not teasing me, are you? I'm not looking for any trouble. I have a curious mind, but I've already had more trouble than I care for." She turned her head around to fix him with a gentle stare. Her torso twisted from the human waist to facilitate the motion. The torque was impressive. Her midsection was more limber than what- uh, th- was more limber than that of a human girl, perhaps because it was harder for a centaur to turn her whole body around. But if she had a more- h- human- but if she had had a human lower section to match the upper section, what a creature she would be! "Your teacher didn't lie to you. A centaur never lies. He merely edited his information on orders from the king so as to not force the impressionable minds of the children into their, uh, uh, their, uh, the things their parents did not want them to hear. Education has been this way since then." "Oh, I wasn't implying any slight on his integrity," Bink said quickly. "I liked him. As a matter of fact, he was the only one that I, who didn't get fed- fed up with all my questions. I learned a lot from him. But I guess I didn't ask as- uh, much... Uh, but I guess I didn't ask about history much. I was much more preoccupied with something he couldn't tell me. But at least he did tell me about the Magician Humphrey." "What is your question for Humphrey, if I may ask?" "Uh, what is, difference did it make?" "I have no magic!" he confessed. "At least, I seem to have none. All through my childhood, uh, it was a disadvantage because I couldn't use magic to compete. I could run faster than anybody else, but the kid who could levitate won the race, stuff like that." "Centaurs get along perfectly well without magic," she pointed out. "We wouldn't take magic if it were offered." Bink did not believe that, but he did not make an issue out of it. "Humans have a different attitude, I guess. When I got older, it got worse. Now I'll be exiled if I don't show some magic talent. I'm hoping Magician Humphrey can... Well, if I do have magic, it seems I can stay and marry my girl, so may have some pride finally." Cherry nodded. "I suspect it was something like that. I suppose if I were in your situation, I could choke down the necessity of having magic, though I really think your culture's values are distorted. You should really base your citizen on your superior qualities and your personality and achievement, not on..." "Exactly," Bink agreed fervently. She smiled. "You really should've been a centaur, Bink." She shook her head so that her hair flung out prettily. "You have undertaken a hazardous journey, not more hazardous than wo- not more hazardous than one, not more hazardous than the one to the mon- not more hazardous than the one to the mundane world that will otherwise be focused on..." Is this shit hard to read, or is this in my head? Does this have too many, um... "Not more ha- not more hazardous than the one to the mundane world that will otherwise be forced on me." I don't know. Maybe it's... She nodded again. "Very well. You have satisfied my curiosity. I'll satisfy yours. I'll tell you the whole truth about the human intrusion into Xanth, but I don't expect you to like it much." "I don't expect to like the truth about myself much," Bink said ruefully. "I might as well know whatever there is to know." "All right. For thousands of years, Xanth was a comparatively peaceful land," she said. "Assuming the somewhat, uh... Probably every centaur would, at heart, was their teacher. There was magic, very strong magic, but no unnecessary viciousness. We centaurs were the dominant species, but as you know, we have absolutely no magic. We are magic. I suppose we migrated f- here from Mundania originally, but that was so long ago, that is even lost in our records." Something tripped over in Bink's mind. "I wonder if that really is true about magic creatures not being able to work spells. I saw a chipmouse conjure a crumb of bread." "Oh, are you sure it wasn't a chipmunk? That would, that is a natural creature, according to our taxonomy. It might work magic." "You tax animals?" Bink a- asked, am- amazed. "Taxonomy!" she repeated with an indulgent smile. "The classification of a living thing, another centaur spec- centaur specialty." "Oh," Bink considered, embarrassed. "I thought it was a chipmouse, but now I'm quite uncertain now." "Actually, we're not quite certain either," she admitted. "It may be that some magical creatures can work magic. But as a general rule, a creature either does magic or is magic, not both, which is just as well. Think of the havoc a dragon Magician Humphrey could make." Bink thought of it. He shuddered. "Let's get back to the history lesson," he suggested. "About a thousand years ago, the first human tribe discovered Xanth. They thought it was just another peninsula. They moved in and cut down the trees and slaughtered the animals. There was more than enough magic here to repulse them, but Xanth had never been subjected to such callous, systemic ravage before, and we did not quite believe it. We thought the humans would leave soon. But they realized that Xanth was magic. They saw the animals levitating, and they saw the trees moving their branches. They hunted the unicorns and griffins. If you wonder why those big animals hate people, let me assure you, they have good reason. Their ancestors would not have survived if they had tried to be friendly.""The first wavers were non-magic creatures in the land of spells, and after they got over their ini- initial shock, they liked it." "Now, that's wrong," Bink exclaimed. "Humans have a very stro- humans have the very strongest magic. Look at all the great magicians. You yourself told me now how evil Magician Red changed all the fish." "Pipe down before I buck you off," Sheere snapped. Her tail swished menacingly past Bink's ear. "You don't know the quarter of it. Of course, humans have magic now, that's part of their problem, but not at the start." Bink backed down again. It was inc- increasingly, it was increasingly easy to do. He liked the centaur lady very well. She ha- was answering his questions he hadn't even thought to ask yet. "Sorry, this is new to me," he said. "You remind me of Chester. I bet you're awful stubborn too." "Yes," Bink said. She laughed, and it sounded a bit like neighing. "I do like you, human. I hope you find your..." She pursed her lips together distastefully. "... magic." And then she flashed a sunny smile as she s- quickly sobered. "Those first wavers had no magic, and when they found out what magic could do, they were fascinated a bit, but afraid of it. A number of them perished in a lake that had been drown- that had been in a drown spell, and some ran afoul of dragons. And when they met the first balisk..." "Are there still balisks?" Bink inquired worriedly, abruptly remembering the omen of the chameleon. It had stared at him in the guise of a balisk just before it had died, as if its spell had backfired. He had, he had yet to be sure of the meaning of that sequence. "Yes, there were many, but... There are, but not many," she answered. "Both humans and centaurs labored to stamp them out. Their gaze is a fatal to us too, you know. Now, they hide because they know that the first intelligent creature killed that way will bring an avenging army of mere masked warriors down on them. A balisk is no match for a forewarned man or centaur. It's just a small winged lizard, you know, with the head and claws of a chicken. Not very intelligent, not that it usually needs to be." "Say," Bink exclaimed, "maybe it's the missing factor, maybe that's the missing factor intelligence. A creature can do magic, or be magic, or be smart, or any two of the three, but never all three. So a chip mouse might conjure, but not a smart dragon." She turned her head to face him. "That's a novel idea. You're pretty smart yourself. I'll have to think about it, but until we verify it, don't go into the center of the wilderness unprotected. There might just be a smart spell-throwing monster in there." "I won't go into the wilderness," Bink promised. "At least, I won't stray from the, I won't stray from the cleared path through it, until I get to the magician's castle at least. I don't want any lizards looking at, looking their death at me." "Your ancestors were more aggressive," Sheere remarked. "That's why so many of them died. But they conquered Xanth and formed the enclave where magic was banned. They liked the country and use- and the uses of magic, you see, but they didn't want to come close to home. They didn't want it to come close to home. So they burned the forest there, killed all the magical animals and plants, and they built a great stone wall." "The ruins," Bink exclaimed. "I thought those old stones were from the enemy camp." "They are from the first wave," she insisted. "But I'm descended from..." "I said you wouldn't like this." "I don't," he agreed. "But I don't, but I want to hear it, how my ancestors...

... have, they settled in, they settled in their walled village and planted mundane crops and herded mundane cattle. You know, beans and wingless cows. They married the women they had brought along and that they could raid from the closest mundane settlements, and they had children. Xanth was a good land, even in that, that region, expunged of magic. But then something amazing happened." Oh my gosh, something amazing "Xari turned, uh, to face him again, glancing in a manner that which a, uh... Glancing in a manner that would have been most fetching in a human girl. In fact, it was fetching in a centaur girl, especially if he squinted so as to only see her human portion. Splendidly fetching, despite his knowledge that centaurs lived longer than humans, so that she was probably 50 years old. She looked 20, uh, 20. No halter would hold this filly. 'What happened?' he asked, cratering to her evident desire, cratering to her evident desire for an intellectual response. Centaurs were good steri- storytellers, and they did, and they did like a good audience. 'Their children came up magic,' she said. 'Aha! So the first wavers were magic.' 'No, no, no, no, no they were not. The land of Xanth is magic, that's an environmental effect. But it works much better with children, who are more formative, and it works best with babies conceived and birthed here. Adults, even among the long residents, tend to sur- suppress the talents they have, because they, quote, 'know better.' "'But children accept what is, so not only do they have more natural talent, they use it with more enthusiasm.' 'I never knew that,' he said. 'My folks have much more magic than I do. Some of my ancestors were magicians, but me?' uh, he sobered. 'I'm afraid I was a terrible disappointment to my parents. By rights, I should have had very strong magic, maybe even have been a magician myself. Instead...' Xari discreetly did not comment. At first the humans were shocked, but soon they accepted it, even encouraged the development of special talents. One of the youngsters had the ability to transform lead into gold. They ravaged the hills searching for lead, and finally had to send a mission to obtain it from Mundania. It was almost as if lead had become more valuable than gold. "But Xanth has no dealings with the mundane world." "You keep forgetting, this is ancient history." "Sorry again, sorry again. I wouldn't interrupt so much if I weren't so interested." "You were an excellent audience," she said, and felt, and he felt pleased. "Most humans would listen, would refuse to listen at all, because it is not a complimentary, because it is not a complimentary history, not to your kind." "I'd probably be less open-minded if I didn't face exile myself," he admitted. "About all the wo- all, about, about all I have to work with my brain is my body, so I'd better not fool myself." "A commendal- commendable philosophy. You are, incidentally, getting a longer ride than I had planned, because you pay such good responsive attention. At any rate, they got the lead, they got the lead out, but paid a hideous price, because the mundanes of Mundania learned about the magic. They were true to their original, to their type, greedy and r- rapacious, r- raping wanting. The notion of cheap gold sent them into a frenzy. They invaded, stormed the wall. They killed all the first w- they killed all the first wave men and children. "'But,' Bink protested, horrified. 'These were the second wavers,' Xari said gently. 'They saved the first waver women, you see, but the second wave was an all-male army. They thought, uh, they thought, they thought there was a machine to convert lead into gold, or an alchemy process organized by a secret formula. They didn't really believe in magic. That was just a convenient term for them to describe the unknown. So they didn't realize that the lead was converted into gold by magic of a child until it was too late, until they had destroyed for what they had come for.' 'Horrible,' Bink said. 'You mean I am descended from, from the rape of a first wave mother?' 'Yes, there is no other way to authenticate your lineage. We centaurs have never liked the first wavers, but we were sorry for them. The second wavers were worse. They were literal pirates, rapers, rapists. Had we known, we would have helped the first wavers fight them off. Our archers could have ambushed them.' She shrugged. 'Cen- centaur archery was legendary, no need to belabor the point. "'Now the invaders are settled,' she continued after a pause. 'They sent their own archers all over Xanth, killing...' She broke off, and Bink knew how keenly she felt the irony of her kind being prey to the inferior archery of human beings. She gave a little shudder that almost dislodged him, and forced herself to continue. "'Killing centaurs for meat. Not until we organized and ambushed their camp, putting shafts through half of them did they agree to let us alone. Even after that, they did not honor their agreement very well, for they had very precious sense of l- honor.' 'And their children had magic,' Bink continued, seeing it now. 'And so the third wavers invaded and killed off the second wavers.' Yes, this happened after s- several generations. Though it was very, it was every bit as vicious when it came. The second wavers had become totally good neighbors, the to- the second wavers had become totally good neighbors, all things considered, by then. Again, only the women were saved, and not many of them, because they had been in Xanth all their lives. Their magic was strong. They used it to eliminate their rapist husbands one by one in ways that you could not, in ways that could not be directly traced to the women.But their victory was their defeat, for now they had no families at all. So they had to invite in more mundanes." "This is ghastly," Bink said. "I am descended from a thousand years of ignominy." "Not entirely. The history of man in Xanth is brutal, but not without redeeming values, even greatness. The second wave, the second wave women organized and brought in only the finest men they could literally, that they could locate. Strong, kind, intelligent men who understood the background but came from a more principle than from greed. They promised to keep the secret and to uphold the values of Xanth. They were mundanes, but they were noble ones." "The fourth wavers!" Bink exclaimed. "The finest of them all!" "Yes! Yes. The Xanth women were widows and victims of rape and, finally, murderesses. Some were old or sc-scared physically and emotionally by the campaign, but they all had strong magic and iron determination. They were the survivors of the cruel upheaval that had wiped out all the other humans in Xanth. These qualities were quite evident. When the new men learned the whole truth, some turned about and returned to Mundania. But others liked marrying witches. They wanted to have children with potent magic. They thought it might be hereditary, so they regarded youth as beauty, they regarded youth as beau- and beauty as secondary. They made excellent husbands. Others wander, others wanted the potentials of their unique land of Xanth developed and protected. They were the environmentalists, and magic was the most precious part of the environment. And not all the fourth wavers were men. Some were carefully selected young men, brought to marry in the, some were s- very carefully selected young men brought in to marry the children so that there would not be too much inbreeding. So it was a settlement, not an invasion, and it was not rooted in murder but based on sound commercial and biological principles." "I know," Bink said. "That was the wave of the first great magicians." "So it was, so it was. Of course, there was other waves, but none so critical. The effective dominance of the human beings in Xanth dates from the fourth wave. Other invasions killed many and drove more into the backwoods, but the continuity was never broken. Just about every truly intelligent or magical person traces his ancestry to the fourth wave. I'm sure you do too." "Yes," Bink agreed. "I've ancestors from the first six waves, but I always thought the first wave lineage was the most important." "The institution of the magic shield finally stops the waves. It kept all mundane creatures out and all the Xanth creatures in. It was hailed as the salvation of Xanth, the guarantor of utopia. But somehow things didn't improve much. It is as if the people exchanged one problem for another, a visible threat for an invisible one. In the past century, Xanth has been entirely free from invasion, but other threats have developed." "Like the Fireflies and the Wiggles and the bad magician, Trent," Bink agreed. "Magical hazards." "Trent was not a bad magician," she corrected him. "He was an evil magician. There's a distinction, a very important distinction." "Yes. He was a good evil magician. Luckily, they got rid of him before he took over Xanth." "Certainly. But suppose another evil magician appears, or the Wiggles manifest again. Who will save Xanth this time?" "I don't know," Bink admitted. "Sometimes I wonder whether the shield was really a good idea. It has the net effect of intensifying the magic of Xanth, preventing dilution from the outside, as if that magic were building up toward an explosion point."

"... yet I certainly wouldn't want to return to the days of the waves." Bink had never thought of it that way. "Somehow I find it hard to appreciate the problems of the concentra- pro- ... Uh, somehow I find it fucking problem to appreciate the problems of the concentration of magic in Xanth. I keep wishing there were, mm, just a little more, enough, enough for me, for my talent." "You might be better off without thinking it," she suggested. "If you could just obtain dispenta- dispent- dispensation from the king." "Ha," Bink said. "I'd be better off living like a hermit in the wilderness. My village won't tolerate a man without talents." "Strange inversion," she murmured. "What?" "Oh, nothing. Oh, nothing. I was just thinking of Her- Herman the Hermit. He was exiled from your herd some years back." Bink laughed. "What c- what could be obscene to a centaur? What did he do?" Sherry drew up abruptly at the edge of a pretty f- field of flowers. "This is as far as I go," she said tersely. Bink realized that he had said the wrong thing. "Uh, I, I didn't e- I didn't mean to offend. I, um, I'm, I am sorry for whatever..." Sherry relaxed. "You couldn't know. The odor of these flowers makes centaurs do crazy things. I have to stay clear. I have to stay clear, except in real emergencies. I believe Magician Humphrey's castles is about five miles south. Keep alert for hostile magic, and I hope you find your talents." "Thanks," Bink said gratefully. He slid off her back. His legs were a bit stiff from the long ride, but he, he, but he knew she had gained him a day's travel time. He walked around to face her and held out his hand. Sherry accepted it, then leaned forward to kiss him, a motherly kiss on his forehead. Bink wished she had not done that. But he smiled mechanically and started walking. He heard her hooves cantering back through the forest, and suddenly he felt lonely. Fortunately, his journey was nearly over. But still, he wondered, what had Herman the Hermit done to the centaur that the centaurs considered obscene? Chapter three. Chasm. Bink stood at the brink. Bink stood at the brink, appalled. The path had been su- sundered by another trench. No, not trench, but mighty chasm, half a mile across and seemingly bottomless depth. Sherry the centaur could not have known it, or she would have warned him. So it must have been a very recent formation, perhaps within a month. Only an earthquake or cataclysmic magic could have formed such a canyon so rapidly. Since there has been no earthquakes that he knew of, it had to have been magic, and that implied a magician of phenomenal power. Who could it have been? The king in his heyday might have been able to fashion such a chasm by using a rigidity, r- controlled storm and channeled a hurricane. But he had no reason to, and his powers had faded much. Evil Magician Trent had been a transformer, not an earth mover. Good Magician Humphrey's magic was divided into 100 assorted divi- uh, spells. Some of those might tell him how to create such a gross channel. But it hardly conceived how Humphrey would bother to do it. Humphrey never did anything unless they, unless there was a fee to be earned from it. Was there another great magician in Xanth? Wait. He had heard rumors of a master illusion. It was far easier to make an apparent chasm than a genuine one. That could be the amplification of Zinc's par- uh, of Zinc's pretending, pretend, pretend whole talent. Zinc was no magician, but if a real magician had a, this type of talent, this was the kind of effect he, he might create. Maybe if Bink simply walked out into the chasm, his feet would find the path continuing on He looked down. He saw a small cloud floating blithely along, about 500 feet down. 500 feet down? This thing's fucking deep. 500 feet down, a gust of cool, dank wind came up to brush him back. He shivered. "That was extraordinarily realistic for an illusion." He shouted, "Hello," and he heard the echo following about five seconds after. "Hello." He picked up a pebble and flipped it into the seeming chasm. It disappeared into the depths. No sound of its landing ever came back. At last, he kneeled and poked his finger into the air beyond the brim. It met no resistance. He touched the edge, and it found, and found it material and vertical. He was convinced unwilling. The chasm was real. There was nothing to do but to go around it, which meant he was not within five miles of his destination, but within 50 or 100, depending on the extent of this amazing crevice. Should he turn back? The villagers certainly should be advised of this manifestation. On the other hand, it might have gone, it might be, it might be gone by the time he r- m- it might be gone by the time he brought anyone else back here to see it. And he would be labeled as a fool as well as a spell, spell-less wanderer. Worse, he would be called a coward who had invented a story to explain the f- his fear of visiting the magician and gaining absolute proof of his talentlessness. What had been created magically could have been abolished magically. So he coul- so he had better try to get around it. Bink looked somewhat wearily at the sky. The sun was low in the west. He had an hour or so of diminishing daylight left. He'd better spend it trying to locate the house in which to spend the night... the last thing he wanted was to sleep outside in unfamiliar territory at the mercy of strange magic. He had had a very easy trip so far thanks to Sherry, but with this emergency de- detour, it could become much more difficult. Which way to turn, east or west? The chasm seemed to run indeterminately in both directions. But the lay of the land was slightly less rugged to the east, making a- a gradual descent. Maybe it would approach the bottom of the chasm, enabling him to cross it. Farmers tended to build in valleys rather than in mountains so as to have the ready resources of water and to be free of the hostile magic of high places. He decided to go east. But this region was sparsely settled. He had seen no human habitations along the path so far. He walked increasingly swiftly through the forest. As dusk came, he saw great black shapes rising out of the chasm, vastly spreading leathery wings, cruelly bent beaks, glinting small eyes. Vultures perhaps, or worse. He felt horribly uneasy. It was now necessary to conserve his rations, for he had no way of knowing how far they would have to stretch. He spotted a beautiful bread tree and cut a loaf from it, but discovered the bread was not yet ripe to eat. He would have t- he would get in- indigestion from eating it. He had to find a farmhouse. The trees became larger and more gnarled of trunk. They seemed menacing and shadowy. A wind was rising, hoooa, r- causing a stiff, twisted branches to sigh. Nothing ominous about that. These effects weren't even magical. But Bink found his heart beating more rapidly and he kept glancing back over his shoulder. He was no longer on the established trail, so his comparative s- so his comparative security was gone. He was going deeper and deeper into hinterland, where anything could happen. Night was the time of sinister magic, and there were divi- and there were diverse and potent kinds. The peace spell of the pines is only an example. There were surely fear spells and worse. If only he could find a house. Some adventurer he was. The moment he had to go a little out of his way, the instant it got dark. He started reacting to his own imagination. The fact was, this was not deepened wilderness. There would be a few real threats to careful man. The true wilds were beyond the good magician's castle on the other side of the chasm. He forced himself to slow down and keep his gaze forward. Just keep walking, swinging. Just keep walking, swinging the staff over to touch anything suspicious. No foolish... No foolish... The end of the staff touched an innocuous black rock. The b- the rock burst upward with a loud whirling noise. Whoosh. Bink scrambled back, falling to the ground, arms thrown up and protect- protectively before his face. The rock spread wings and flapped away. "Coo," it protested reproachfully. It had been only a stone dove folded into its rock shape for camouflage and insulation during the night. Naturally, it had retracted... reacted when it poked, but it was quite harmless. If stone doves nested here, it was bound to be safe for him. All he had to do was stretch out anywhere and sleep. Why didn't he just do that? Because he was foolishly terrified of being alone at night, he answered himself. If only he had some magic, then he would feel more secure. Even a simple confidence spell would serve just fine. He spied a light ahead and went on. Relief..

... safe. It was a yellow square. Certainly, nearly certain indication of human habitation. He was almost tearfully pleased. He was no child, no adolescent, but he might as well be here in the forest and off the bounds of the map. He needed the comfort of human companionship. He hurried towards the light, hoping it would not turn out to be some illusion or trap sponsored or whatever. No, it was real. It was a farm at the edge of a village. And now he could see the other squares of light further down the valley. Almost joyfully, he knocked on the door. It opened grudgingly to show a homely woman inside a soiled apron. She peered at him suspiciously. "I don't know you," she grumbled, edging the door, and she closed it again. "I, I'm Bink from the North Village," he said quickly. "I've traveled here all day." It sounds like he's knocking on some doors to make sales. "I, I'm Sam from the North Village. I've traveled r- here all day and I was blocked by the chasm. Now I have need of lodging for the night. I will perform some reasonable service for the favor. I'm strong, I can chop wood, I could load whatever the fuck you need." "You don't need magic to do those things," she said. "Not with magic. With my hands. I, how do you know, how do I know you're not a magical ghost?" she demanded. Being, Bink held out his left hand, wincing. "Prick me. I bleed." It was a standard test, for most nocturnal supernatural creatures have no blood, unless they had recently fed on some living creature. Even then, many times none would flow out. "Oh, come on, Martha," a man's gruff voice called from inside. "There hasn't been a wraith in these parts for a decade, and they don't do no harm anyhow. Let him in if he's, uh, let him in if he's human. If it, uh, let him in. If it eats, it's human." "Ogres eat," she muttered, but she cracked the door open far enough for Bink to squeeze through. Now Bink saw the farm, the farm's guardian animal, a small werewolf, probably one of their children. There were no true werewolves or other weres that he knew of. All were humans who had developed the talent. Such changelings were increasingly frequent, it seemed. This one had had a large-headed and a fattish face, typical of the type. A real werewolf had, would've been indistinguishable from the canine until it changed. Then it would've become a wolfish man. Bink put out his hand and then slunk up to sniff him, then patted it on the head. The creature metamorphized into a boy about eight years old. "Did I scare you, huh?" he begged. "Terrified," Bink agreed. The lad turned toward the man. "He's clean, Pa. No smell of magic on him." "That's the trouble," Bink murmured. "That's the trouble," Bink murmured. "If I had magic, I wouldn't be traveling. But I meant what I said, and I can do physical work." "No magic?" the man inquired as the woman poured Bink a s- a steaming bowl of stew. The farmer was in his mid-30s, as homely as his wife, but possessed a few deep smile lines around his mouth and eyes. He was thin, but obviously sturdy. Hard physical labor made for tough men. He flexed purple as he talked, then green, his whole body changing color smoothly. His talent. "How'd you make it all the way from the North Village in one day then, huh?" "A lady centaur gave me a lift." "A filly? I'll bet she did. And where'd you hang onto when she jumped? I grabbed onto them titties." Bink smiled ruefully. "Well, she said she'd drop me in a trench if I did it again," he admitted. "Oh ho ho ho ho ho ho ho!" the man brayed. Farmers, being relatively uneducated, tended to have a very earthy sense of humor. "Oh ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho!" Bink noticed that the homely wife wasn't laughing, and the boy merely stared uncomprehendingly. "Ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho." Bink nodded, though he did not understand. He saw the wife nod in gr- in grim agreement. What sort of thing was this? "So, if you want to work off your lodging, you can stand, you can stand in for me," the farmer continued. "Won't, so- won't only take about an hour work. No work to it, except you agree to anything that says. Softest job he can find, easy for you to do, 'cause you're a stranger. Playing opposite a cute young thing." He caught the grim look of his wife and, uh, ab- abro- abroaded that line. "How about it?" "Anything I can do," Bink said uncertainly. What was this about playing the opposite of y- a cute young thing? He never found out while the wife was present. Ooh. Would Sabrina object? "F- fine. There's hay in the loft, and a bucket so you won't have to go outside. Just don't snore too loud, and the missus don't like it." The missus don't like that sort of things, it seemed. How did a man ever come to marry a woman like that? Would Sabrina turn shrewish after marriage? Uh, yeah. The idea made him uneasy. "I won't. I won't," Bink agreed. The stew was not very tasty, but it was filling. Good stuff to travel on. He slept comfortably in the hay with the wolf curled up beside him. He did have to use the pot, and it stank up all, and it stank all night, having no cover, but that was much better than going into the magic night, going into magic, getting into magic at night. After the initial expression of objection to the stew, his innards settled down. Bink really had no complaint. Bink had gruel for breakfast, heated without fire. That was the wife's talent, a, a useful talent for a farmstead.He then reported to the neighbor's house a mile down along the chasm for the hearing. The bailiff was a big, bluff man, above whose head a small cloud formed when he concentrated on anything too intensely. "Know anything about it?" he inquired after Bink explained. "Nothing," Bink admitted. "You'll have to tell me what to do." "Good. It's just a sort of little playlet to settle the problem without ruining anybody's reputation. We'll call it surrogate magic. Mind you, don't use any real magic, actual magic." "I won't," Bink said. "You just agree to whatever I ask you, that's all." Bink began to get nervous. "I don't believe in lying, sir." "This ain't exactly lying, boy. It's a good cause, you'll see. Surprised you folk don't practice it in the North Village." Bink was uneasily silent. He hoped that he had not gotten himself into something ugly. The others arrived, two men and three young women. The men were ordinary, bearded farmers, the, one young, one middle-aged. The girls ranged from indifferent to ravishing. Bink forced his eyes away from the prettiest, one, o- o- one lest he stare. She was the most voluptuous, striking, black-haired beauty he'd ever seen, a diamond in the mud of this region. "Now, the six of you sit down across from each other at this table," the bailiff said in his official voice. "I'll do the talking when the judge comes. Mind you, this is a play, th- mind you, this is play, but it's secret. When I swear you in, it's for, it's for keeps. Absolutely no babbling about the details after you get out. Understand?" They all nodded. Bink was becoming more perplexed. He now understood about playing opposite a young, sweet thing, but what kind of play was this? What kind of fucking play is this with an audience of this one? That was one of the... Was he allowed to p- p- report on this later? He doesn't know. The three men s- sat in a row one side the other table, and the three girls faced them. Bink was opposite the beautiful one. Her knees touched his, for the table was narrow. Theirs were silky smooth, sending a shiver of appreciation up his legs. "Remember Sabrina?" He told himself he was not ordinarily swayed by a pretty face, but this was an, uh, an extraordinary face. It didn't help him that she wore a tight sweater either. What a figure. The judge entered, a portly man with an impressive paunch and sideburns. "All stand," the bailiff said. They all stood respectfully. The judge took a seat at the end of the table. The bailiff moved to the far side. They all sat down. "Do you three ladies swear to tell the truth, no other than presented here in this hearing at any time, anywhere, and to shout above, and to, and to shut up about that?" "Do you three lady- do you three ladies swear to tell no truth other than that presented in th- in this hearing, any time, anywhere, and to shut up about that?" "We do," the girls chorused. "And you three louts swear to the same?" "We do," Bink said with the others. If he was supposed to lie here, he never, uh, he never did talk about the outside. Did that mean it wasn't really a lie? "We do," Bink said to the others. If he was supposed to lie here, he never, but never to talk about the outside. Did that mean it wasn't really a lie? The bailiff knew what was true and what was false, presumably, and so in effect. "Now, this is the hearing for an alleged rape," the bailiff announced. Bink, shocked, tried to con-

... deal with dismay. They were supposed to act out, they were supposed to act out a rape? "Among these present," the bailiff continued, "is the girl who says she was raped, and the man she charges. He says it happened, but it was voluntary. Right, men?" Bink nodded vigorously, along with the others. Brother, he would have to ch- chop wood for his mother for his nightly lodgings. Here he was, possibly l- lying about the rape he never committed. Bink nodded vigorously, along with the others. Brother, he would rather have chopped wood for his night's lodging. Here he was, possibly lying about a rape he never even committed. "This is done anonymously to protect the reputation of those involved," the bailiff said. "So, to have an a- advisory or an advisory opinion in the presence of the first parties without advertising it to the whole community." Bink was beginning to understand. A girl who had been raped could be ruined. Though it was no fault of her own, many men would refuse to marry her for that reason alone. Thus, she could win her cause but lose her future. A man guilty of rape could be exiled. A man accused of rape could be viewed with suspicion, complicating his own future. It was almost, though, thought grimly, as serious a crime as having no magic. Getting at the truth could be a very delicate matter, not something either party would want to advertise in a general public trial. Win or lose, reputations would suffer grievously. Yet how could justice be done if it never came to a trial? Thus, this private, semi-anonymous hearing, would it suffice? "She says she was walking down by the gap," the bailiff said, glancing at his notes. "He came up behind her, grabbed her, and raped her. Right, girls?" The three girls nodded, each looking hurt and angry. The vigorous head motion caused the knee of the girl facing the bench to shake. Another ripple of suggestion traveled up his leg. What an opposite lady, and a, and what a play. "He says he was standing there. He says he was standing there, and she came up and made a suggestion, and, and he took her up on it. Right, men?" Bink nodded with the others. He hoped his side won. This was getting nervous business. Now the judge spoke. "Was it close, was it close to a house?" "About 100 feet," the bailiff said. "Then why, then why did she not scream?" "He said he'd push her off the br- off the brink if she made a sound," the bailiff replied. "She was frozen with terror. Right, girls?" They nodded, and each looked momentarily terrified. Bink wondered which of the three had actually been raped. Then he corrected his thought hastily. Which one had made the accusation? He hoped it wasn't, w- hoped it wasn't one opposite him. "Were the two known to have any prior... Were the two known to each other prior to the occasion?" "Yes, Your Honor." "Then I presume she would have fled to him at the outset, had she disliked him, and would have not, uh, forced her..." "Then I presume she would have fled to him at the outset, had she disliked him, and that would have, and that would not have forced her if she had trusted him. In a small community like this, people get to know each other very well, and there are very actual, very few actual surprises. This is not conclusive, but it strongly suggests she had no strong aversion to contact with him, and she may have tempted him w- with consequence she later regretted. I would probably, I would probably, were I this, were this case to come up in a formal court, find the man not guilty of the charge by the virtue of reasonable doubt." The three men relaxed. Bink became aware of a tr- of a trickle of a sweat on his forehead generated while he listened to the judge's potential decision. "Okay, you have the judgels, the judges if-so," the, said the plaintiff. "You girls still wanting to bring o- bring it to open trial?" Grim-faced, looking betrayed, the three girls shook their heads no. Bink felt sorry for his opposite. How could she avoid being so seductive? She was a s- creature construed for no other visible purpose than, well, than love. "Then take off," the bailiff said. "Remember, no talking outside, or we'll have a real trial, trial for contempt of court." The warning seemed superfluous, s- superfluous. The girls would hardly be talking about this one. The guilty, uh, innocent man would also have to shut up, and Bink himself wanted to get clear of this village. That left only one man who might want to talk, but if he breathed a word, all the others would know who had blabbed. There would be silence, so it was over. Bink stood and filled ou- and fil- filed out with the others. The whole thing had taken less than the promised hour, so he was well off. He'd had a night's lodging and was well rested. All he needed now was to find the route to the, past the chasm to the good magician's house. The bailiff emerged, and Bink approached him. "Could you tell me if there is any way south from here?" "Boy, you don't want to cross the gap," the bailiff said firmly, a little cloud forming over his head. "Not unless you can fly." "I'm on foot." "There's a route, but the gap, but the gap dragon... You're a nice boy, young handsome boy. You did a good job here in the hearing. Don't risk it." Everybody thought you were so damned young. Only good, strong personal magic would give him a real manhood in the eyes of Xanth. "I have to risk it." The bailiff sighed. "Well, I can't tell you no, then. Son, I'm not your father." He sucked his punch, which ha- which was most impressive as the judge, as that of the judge has contemplated the cloud over his head momentarily. The cloud seemed to shed a tear or two. Again, Bink winced inwardly. Now he was getting fathered as well as mothered. But it's complicated."... better have Wynn show you." "Wynn?" "Your opposite. The one you almost raped!" The ba- the bailiff smiled, making a signal with one hand, and then his cloud dissipated. "Not that I blame you." The girl approached, apparently in answer to the signal. "Wynn, honey, show this man to the southern slope of the gap. Mind you keep clear of the dragon." "Sure, sure," she said, smiling. The smile did not add to her splendor, because that was impossible. Bink had mixed emotions. After th- the- this hearing, "Suppose she accused him of..." The bailiff glanced at him understandingly. "Don't worry about it, son. Wynn don't lie, and she don't change her mind. You behave yourself, difficult as that may be, and there wo- and there'll be no trouble." Embarrassed, Bink accepted the girl's company. If she could show him a quick, safe route past the chasm, he would be well ahead. They walked east, the sun beating into their faces. "Is it far?" Bink asked, still feeling awkward for his s- sordid reasons. If Sabrina could see him now. "Not far," she said. Her voice was soft, somehow sending an involuntary thrill through his entire body. Maybe it was magic. He hoped so, because he didn't like to think that he could be so easily subverted by mere beauty. Huh, he didn't know this girl. They continued in silence for a while, and Bink tried again. "What is your talent?" She looked at him blankly. Uh-oh. After the hearing, she could not be blamed for taking anything the wrong way. "Your magic talent," he clarified. "The thing you can do, a spell, or..." She shrugged noncomm- noncommittally. What was it with this girl? She was beautiful, but she seemed somewhat, uh, somewhat, uh... "D- do you like it here?" he asked. She shrugged again. Now he was almost certain. Wynn was very l- was very lovely, but stupid. Too bad, too bad. She could have been, uh, made... She could have made some farmer a marvelous showpiece. No wonder the bailiff had not been concerned about her. She was of not much use. They walked in silence again, and as they rounded a bend, they almost stumbled over a rabbit nibbling a mushroom in the path. Startled, the creature jumped straight into the air and hung there, levitating, its pink nose quivering. Bink laughed. "We won't hurt you, magic bunny," he said, and Wynn smiled. They passed under it, but the episode, minor as it was, bothered Bink in retrospect, and f- for a familiar reason. Why should a common, variety... garden variety rabbit proces- possess the magic power of floating, while Bink himself had nothing? It wasn't fair. He now heard the strains of a lovely melody seeming to punctuate his thoughts. He looked about and saw a lyrebird playing its strings. The music carried through the forest, filling it with a pseudo-joy. He felt a need to talk, so he did. "When I was a kid, they always teased me because I had no magic," he said, not caring whether she understood. "I lost foot races to others who could fly, or to walls that... or to people who could put walls in my way, or pass through trees, or who could poop... who could pop out in one place and in- in another." He had said as much as Sherry... He had said as much to Sherry, the centaur. He was sorry to be stuck in this groove, but some on- reasonable part of his mind seemed to believe that if he repeated it often, he would find some way to alleviate it. "Or who could cast a spell on the path ahead of them, making it all downhill, while I had to cover the... while I had to cover the honest lay of the land," remembering all those ind- indignities.

... he began to feel all choked up. "Can I go with you?" Win asked abruptly. Uh-oh. Maybe she figured he could regale her with more stories indefinitely? The others, the other rigors of travel did not occur to her. In a few miles, her shapely body, obviously not constructed for brute work, would tire. And he may, he may have to carry her. "Win, I'm not, I'm going a long way to see the Magician Humphrey. You don't want to come along." "No?" Her marvelous face clouded up. Still conscious of the rape hearing, and aware, and wary of any possible misunderstanding, he phrased it carefully. They were now descending a tortuous path into a low section of the chasm. Winding around the tufts of clatterweed and clutchroots and saplings. He had taken the lead, bracing with his staff so as he would be able to catch her if she lost her footing and fell. When he glanced up from her, he caught her distracting glimpses. W- when he glanced up at her, he caught distracting glimpses of her exquisite thighs. There seemed to be no part of her body that was not perfectly molded. Her brain had been neglected. "It is dangerous. Much bad magic. I go alone." "Alone?" She was still confused, though she was still hand, though she was handling the path very well. Nothing wrong with her coordination, at least. Bink found himself a bit surprised that those legs could actually be used for climbing and walking. "I need help, man. Magic! The magician charges a year's service. You don't want to pay?" The good magician was male, and Win had only had an obvious coin. No one would be able, would be interested in her mind. She looked at him in perplexity. Then she brightened, standing upright on the path above him. "You want payment?" She put one hand into the front of her dress. "No!" Bink yelled, almost dislodging himself from the steep slope. He already visuali, visualized a reenactment of the hearing and a different verdict. Who would believe he had not taken advantage of the lovely idiot? She showed hi, if, if she showed him any more of her body. "No!" he repeated, more to himself than to her. "But," she said, clouding up again. He was rescued by another distraction. They were near the bottom now, and Bink could s, could see across the base to a more gentle rise of the south slope. No problem about climbing that. He was about to tell Win that she could go home when there was an uncomfortable sound, a kind of slide-bump. It was repeated very loud and shuddersome, without being precisely definable. "What, what's that?" he said nervously. Win cupped her ear, listening, though the noise was plainly audible. With a shift in her balance, her feet lost purchase and she began to slide down. He jumped to catch her and eased her to the chasm floor. What an awful, what an armful she was. All softness and resilience and slenderness in a miraculous proportions. She turned her face to him, brushing back her slightly disarrayed hair as he stood her, uh, as he stood her feet, as he stood her f, back t, on her feet. "The Gap Dragon," she said. For a moment, he was confused. Then he remembered that he had asked her a question. Oh, "I asked you a question." N- now she u, she was answering it with a single-mindedness of the m, of the meager intellect she had. "Is it dangerous?" "Yes." She had been so stupid to tell him before he asked. He, and he had not thought to ask be, before he had heard it. Maybe if he hadn't been looking at her so much w, yet, uh, a man, yet, w- wha- wha, yes, wha- what else would he look at? Okay? What the, what else would he look at? Already, he saw a monster coming from the west, a smoking reptilian head low to the ground but very large. "Run!" he bawled. She started to run straight ahead into the chasm. "No!" He yelled, sprinting after her. He caught her one arm and spun her around, her hair swirled w, winsomely, a black cloud, uh, a black cloud about her face. "You want payment?" she asked. "Brother, r, run that way!" he cried, shoving her back towards the northern slope, since it was the closest escape. He hoped the dragon was not a good climber. She obeyed, moving fleet, fleetly, uh, fleetly over the ground. But the glaring eyes of the Gap Dragon followed her, orientating on the motion. The creature swerved to intercept her. Bink saw she could not reach the path in time. The monster was whomping along at galloping centaur velocity. Bink sprinted after her again, caught her, h- half-hurdled her back towards the south. Even in this desperate moment, her body had a limber, appealing quality that threatened to distract his mind. "That way!" he cried. "It's catching up!" He was acting as foolish as she, changing his mind while doom was closing in. He had to divert the monster somehow. "Hey, steam-snout!" he bawled, waving his arms wildly. "Look at me!" The dragon looked. So did Win. "Not you!" He yelled at her. "Get on across! Get out of the gap!" She ran again. No one could be so stupid as to not understand the danger here. Now the dragon's attention was on Bink. It swerved again, bearing down on him. It had a long, sinuous body and three sets of stubby legs. The legs lifted the torso and whomped it forward, causing it to slide several feet. The process looked clumsy, but the thing was traveling disconcertingly fast. Time, time for him to run! Bink took off down the chasm toward the east. The dragon had already cut him off from the north slope, and he didn't want to lead it in the direction Win was going. For all its awkward mode of propulsion, it could run faster than he.No doubt its speed was enhanced by magic. It was, after all, a magical creature. But what of this theory about no creature having magic and intelligence if it was magical in and of itself? If that was valid, this thing would not be very smart. Bink hoped so. He'd rather try to outwit a dumb dragon than a smart one, especially when his life depended on it. So he ran, but already knew his course was hopeless. This was the dragon's hunting ground, the factor that stopped people from crossing the chasm on foot. He should have known that a magically constructed chasm would not be left unattended. Someone or something did not want people crossing fe- freely from North Xanth to South Xanth, especially non-magical people like him. Bink was puffing now, out of breath, and a pain was developing in his side. He had underestimated the speed of the dragon. It was not a little faster than he was. It was a lot faster. The huge head snapped forward and steam gushed down around him. Bink inhaled the stuff. It wasn't as hot as he had feared, but it smelled, uh, faintly of burning wood. But it was still uncomfortable. He choked, gasped, tripped on a stone, and fell flat. His staff flew out of his hands, that fatal moment of distraction. The dragon whomped right over him, unable to stop so rapidly. It was so long and low that it couldn't fall. The metallic body shot past, inertia carrying the head beyond out of range. If magic enhanced the thing's speed, then there was no magic to help it brake, for what that s- uh, for what that was, uh, blessing for what it were, was what it was worth. Bink's breath was momentarily knocked out of him by the fall. He was already, already desperate short of air. He gasped for more, unable to concentrate on anything else at that moment. Not even an escape. While he lay effectively paralyzed, the middle set of the legs came down right on him. They came together as though, as though yoked, ready to heave, and the heavy body up and forward again. He couldn't even roll aside in time. He would be crushed! But the massive claws on the right foot landed squarely on a rock that lay, that had tripped him. It, it was a bigger rock, bigger than it looked, and he had fallen on the lower side after stumbling on, stumbling on its build. Uh... But the massive claws on the right foot landed squarely on the rock that had tripped him. It was a big rock, bigger than it looked, and he had fallen on the lower side after stumbling on its built-up upper side. He was sprawled on a kind of erosion gully. The three claws were splayed on the rocks so that one missed him to the left and another to the right, and the middle one arced right over him, hardly touching the ground. Perhaps a ton of dragon weight on that one foot, none of it was touching him! A lucky placement that would never have happened by design. Now, he had some of his breath back and the foot was gone, already lifted for the next whomph. Uh, had Bink been able to roll aside, he would've been able to... He would have caught squarely by one of the claws and squished. But one freak break did not mean he was out of trouble. The dragon was curling around to find him again, steaming back along its own long torso. It was marvelously supple, and able to bend in a tight U-turn Bink would have admired this quality more from a safe distance. Snake-like, the monster could have, could contort, could convolt and to not if it had to, reaching him whatever he tried to hide. No wonder it whomped. It had no rigid backbone. Knowing it was futile, Bink still found himself trying to escape. He dashed under the tree trunk-thick tail. The head f

"... followed him, the nostrils pursuing the scent, as he a- as he a- as accurately as the eyes traced his motion. Bink reversed course and leaped up over the dir- over the tail, scrambling for handholds on the scales. He was in luck. Some dragons had scales with serrated edges that sliced the flesh of anything that touched them. This one's scales were innocuously rounded. It was probably a survival trait of a chasm like this, though Bink wasn't sure why. Did sharp scales tend to snag onto things? Slowly- slowing the velocity of a low-to-the-ground monster. He tumbled over the tail, and the dragon's head follow- followed smoothly. No steam now. Maybe the monster didn't want to heat up its own flesh. It was already savoring its conquest and re- playing cat and mouse with him, though he had never seen a, a werecat do that. Possibly real cats did play that with real mice, although there was no real mice around these days either. But he was letting his mind run away with his attention again, and he couldn't afford it. Could he lead the dragon's head in such a merry chase around its own body that it could actually tie itself into a knot? He doubted it, but he might as well give it a try anyway. It was better than just getting swallowed. He was back at the rock that he had stumbled over. Now its position was changed. The moving weight of the dragon had dislodged it. There was a crack in the ground where it had been, a deep, dark hole. Bink didn't like holes in the ground. No telling what might lurk there. Nickelpedes? Sting lice? Hoopworms? Leper mud? Ugh. But he had no chance at all here amid the coils of the gap dragon. His feet first into the hole. He jumped fees first - he jumped feet first into the hole. The earth crumbled beneath his weight, but not quite enough. He sank in, up into his thighs, and stuck. The dragon, seeing him about to escape, blasted a torrent of steam. But again, it was warm vapor, not burning hot. Actually a little more than coalesced breath. This was not, after all, fire dragon, but a pseudo fire dragon. A few people- a few people were likely to get close enough to know the difference. The mist bathed the Bink, soaking him down thoroughly, and- and turned the dirt into- around him into mud. This lubricated, he began to move again, down. The dragon snatched at him, but Bink popped through the constriction with a s- sucking sound that compli- that complemented the futile clicking of the dragon's teeth. He dropped about two feet to a solid rock, his feet snug, especially his ankle that had been turned. But he was unhurt. He ducked his head down and felt him in the darkness. It was a cave. What luck. But he still wasn't safe. The dragon was clawing at the ground, gouging at the huge chunks of dirt and rock, steaming the remainder of- into rivulets of mud. Gooey chunks of- splatted against the cave floor. The opening was widening, letting more and more light in. Soon it would be big enough for the dragon's head. Bink's doom had only been postponed. There was no occasion for cau- this was no occasion for caution. Bink strode ahead, hands touching each other before him, arms bowed into a horizontal circle. If he hit a wall, he would only bruise his forearms. Better a bruise than the crunch of a gr- dragon's teeth. He did hit a wall. He struck a mud slick and s- he- he did not hit a wall, he struck a mud slick instead. His foot shot from under, and he took a belly flop. There was- there was water here. Real water, not fake water. Not dragon's breath that trickle w- down- down where? He's going down. Going down where? Surely to an underground river. That could account for this sudden canyon. The river could not have been tunneling for centuries, and now suddenly the ground had above collapsed f- this river could have been tunneling for centuries, and suddenly the ground above collapsed, forming a chasm. One phenomenal sinkhole. Now the river was working again, and he would surely drown if he splashed into it, for there was no guarantee that its current was slow, or that there was air in its passage. Even if he did sw- even if he swam well, he could be consumed by river monsters, the especially vicious kind that frequented the dark, cold waters. Bink..." Hmm. This chapter goes on for a freaking while. Whew. All right. All right. All right. Go back. Go back. Go back, Sam. Oh, shit. Wait a minute. Ah, s- sorry. 