The governor in Texas just declared a martial, a martial declaration of emergency. Amy needs to get her vitamin C dosages in her arm, making money the most it does. Supposedly, turning the music down a bit. Noticeably, she's going to sleep. Bringing the R-U-D-Y, known as the Rudy. She's going to relax and just chill out on the floor for a minute. Going to her sleepy chair, make her rest there, make her rest there. She can, uh, go fix her hair. She has way more hair than you or me. With that Rudy in her chest, she's happily, happily... Me and Amy are losing weight faster than you can be gaining them heavyweight, weighted rhymes, awaited heavy hands, the fisticuffs we bent to chill with mystif- Mr. Mystic, the dude was trying to act like he could disappear in the mist while we saw him disappearing down the systematical elevator. In the background, you could see, uh, his hair. I'm not a hater, I'm just a commentator. Yo, I'm out here as your regulator. Yo, with, uh, CB and Bun B, and, and all these homies like Ice Cube and them thugs from the old days, like Ice-T. And then, he turned into a cop some way, and now he's mo- he's way more cop than thug. He's been a cop for 100 years, only a thug for two years. I don't know how the... He must have been a cop the whole time. Damn. And Ice Cube is always a punk the whole time. He never knocked nobody out. That was LL Cool J's coming out of his mouth. Bell Biv Devoe, BBD, Thought It Was Me, and ABC, and Everybody Next To Me. Kriss Kross Style, the Kriss Kross The Kriss Kross. Jump up and down if you off the mix, ah. Yo, artists, to C+C Music Factory. Vanilla Ice, Ice Baby one more time. MC Hammer grind. Yo, and they had a problem with Abdul before she turned into a ghoul. 55 years ago, she was beautiful. You should have seen her. She was, like, amazing. Now, she's like a mummy with some honey with the Mary Kay all over her face. People think it's funny to leave her up as a, a judge. She's old enough to be crawling out of the swamp like some sludge monster and stuff. She got too much fudge. Rasta on a roaster. Amy trying to get that last lemon in. I'm trying to get this ass a fresh in. Going into the pan this. We making the best goat chips. We making the best oxtails. Amy likes to make the submarine and all the Houston firefighters is clean, musically speaking. Amy's every day making barbecue tasty, tasting. Yo, music and making. There's pizzas and live vibrations, stereo rap instrumentation. Yo, we have to get it dope. We have to get and have to let down no more smoke any more years, any know-how. People needed to grow their own freaking vegetables 'cause if shit can move up and light too fast, Joe Biden is trying to out-print the whole planet and make the money turn to trash where people be burning it in the fireplace to stay warm and shit, man.