The key to your success is confidence, confidence in yourself. The key to your success is confidence in your ability to get up early in the morning, get showered, and dressed, and shave your face, and put on your best clothing and best-dressed suit. Make sure you have your sales material and your route printed. Check your appointments and sales materials, then get inside the car. Warm the car. Get inside the car. Your key to success is confidence. Whenever you truly want to make many big sales one at a time, correctly, easily, smoothly, properly, and enhance your motivation, confidence, and morale times w- ten. Confident that you can and will sell an application, sell insurance, fill out the application. Your goals, through the power of your own mind, make ... Help them to make up her own mind, and sign the application, and get a voided check. The h- her husband, the power of your own thoughts, he's decided to fill out the application and give you his voided check also. They are so happy, they want to look at their life insurance and investments. What you tell yourself has the greatest power over your life as you look through their papers and see the q- health questions and the values of their accounts. You notice their beneficiaries and their application in the back of their policies. What you tell yourself determines whether you feel cheerful or gloomy and worried. You've already made, completed two sales already, and they are excited and hopeful, and they are looking forward to doing maybe two or three more. They're excited and cheerful, and there is nothing to lose. Everything is going on the way up. And the way that you feel, whether you feel joyous or sad or worried, determines to a great extent the health and wellbeing of your physical body. Yes, you exercise very well and drink the best drinks and sleep greatly. And when you at work, you are bothered, you are not... When you are not bothered, what you tell yourself has enormous impact on your life. You can do anything you v- put your mind to, Sam. You can do anything that you visualize, Sam. You can do anything that you write down on paper, Sam. What you tell yourself ultimately determines what you are and are not able to do. Sam, you are able to do anything that your heart desires, as long as it's in align with g- the Lord. Sam, you can do anything that you so heart desire. Just say the word, and it shall be so. Sam, you can do anything that you want to do, so long as you say it and write it down and keep track of it. Now, tell yourself that your life is just starting, "My life is just starting," and that from this day on ... "and from this day on, you will begin to live fully. My life is just starting, and from this day on, I will begin to live fully, moment by moment, and really appreciate and enjoy being alive each moment." Tell yourself that you will no longer worry unnecessarily. You will no longer worry either about things that happened in the past, and you will no longer worry about what might happen in the future, unless there is something constructive that you could do now to change them. Because the past and the future exist only in our thoughts. Life exists only in each and every moment. If you spend your moments worrying about past or future, these moments, which are your life, pass you by. So, value the moments. Value each moment. Stay present in the moment. Stay present on each moment of each day. Let yourself become deeply involved in each moment, deeply involved in everything that is happening around you, deeply involved in every moment, and less conscious of yourself. More and more at peace with yourself, more and more at peace with yourself and the world. Tell yourself that with each passing day, with each passing day, you will feel happier, "I will feel happier, more content, more joyous, more and more cheerful," because you choose to feel this way by controlling your thinking. And because you feel this way, and because you feel this way, life will be more fun. You will enjoy each day, and you will become more and more healthy as your body functions easily in attention-free environments, and you become more and more healthy as your body functions easily in attention-free environments. Sam, day by day, let yourself feel more and more alive, more energetic, and at the same time, less tense, less nervous, less worried, less anxious, less tense, less, ooh, nervous, less, uh, worried or anxious. Tell yourself that your mind and body are relaxed, ca-And you are at peace with the universe. And because you are calm and at ease, you will have greater energy, and your mind will be clearer and sharper and more focused. Consequently, you will be able to see problems in perspective and handle them easily, efficiently, effectively, and confidently, without becoming bothered or tired out. Above all, stop telling yourself that you can't do something that you w- very much want to do. Stop telling yourself that you can't win with the internet. Stop telling yourself that you can't do great with computers. Stop telling yourself that you can't get the money now. Stop telling yourself that you c- can't get the chan- g- change now and go back to the way it was now. As long as you tell yourself that you can't do something, you can't. Instead, tell yourself that even you can't lose, you can say that, "I can't lose. I can't lose. I can't be driven off my destiny. I can't lose, and I can't be stopped from living out my highest destiny. I can't lose, and I can't stop from living out my highest purpose and highest destiny. I can't lose, and I can't stop from living out my highest purpose and highest d- destiny." When you tell yourself that you can, can and will, you have taken the first step towards accomplishing what you want to accomplish, and you will find that you can and will accomplish your goal, all of them. These things that you will now be telling yourself will begin to affect your life more and more. They will affect the way that you feel about yourself and the way that you feel about your life, and consequently, they affect every aspect of your life. And that continues. Peace and serenity are taking you over. Peace and serenity are taking you over inside and out, creating a special state of internal harmony of peace and serenity, peace and serenity. That is right. That is right. As you continue to sit here and listen to me right now, there is a center core within your unconscious mind, right, that's logical and rational and cool and collected, right? Now calm, right, and relaxed, right and clever, right and wise. Your unconscious mind is the one that wants you to heal and to recover and to get well as a whole person, right? That's right. Your unconscious is very intelligent, right, and very knowledgeable, right? In fact, it knows so much that your conscious mind doesn't even know how much it doesn't know. Correct? Right? This core within your unconscious mind, right, has never ... has always been there with you, right, since you ... the time you were a child. And it's helped you survive difficult per- predicaments in the past and w- will continue to help you in the future, right? People refer to the center core of your unconscious as the inner guide, right, and the inneri- and- enteral- internal advisor right now. Some refer to it as the higher self, as others, the guardian angel. But regardless of the name of what it is, right, or how you call it, right, it has the s-

[FAILED CHUNK 1]

We have our own vision and destiny that we are working towards, and there are chapters and pages in the story of the adventure book that not everybody understands the beginning or the end of our s- st- myth, l- legend. The similar f- the similar to freeing ourselves from destructive competitions, we can expand the possibilities of freeing ourselves from destructive forms of anxiety. Again, as we begin to examine the past, looking at the origins of our anxiety, we discover that anxiety hangs us as if we were, had a weight around our neck. Suggestions once learned can be relearned. Suggestions. Today, I'm going to talk about learning, but I'm going to talk about it rather different way, in a rather different way. I'm going to talk about learning how to do what you already know how to do. I'm going to talk about learning how to do something you already know how to do, such as getting up in the morning easily, happily, with great energy, excited, ready, j- going to a place with intention, purpose, wanting to do the great job w- and seeing yourself relaxed at the end of the day, coming home with a big smile on your face of accomplishments, seasoned, excited, ready to do more, and with the nevel- other layers of ex- pro- progressive growth that will develop and look like from the higher plateau, excited about it, a- and ready to wind down, and enjoy w- with the love of your life, and have a good sleep with the meaning, get ready to jump up the next day, and do it all again. When you were young, you were very small. Just you were a very little ... You were a baby boy. You had to learn how to walk. You had to learn to get yourself up and on your feet. You had to learn standing straight, to put one foot ahead of the other, and to take steps to get yourself to where someone else ... somewhere else to get where you were. Sam, your conscious mind hasn't thought about that for decades. Walking came to be such an automatic thing, you know? Thinking about it was quite unnecessary. But your unconscious mind has recognized that the feeling thought, sensation, mental construct, or thought saying to yourself, "I want to go over there," your body took over, and you went. I want you to, to realize all the ingredients that are coming here. Inv- I invite you to see after everything that's coming together to make something happening large and big. However, a lot of learning of trial and error, knocking on doors, calling, getting in homes, and finding out about the relationships of objects to other objects, and most of all, of our motor skills. We're dedicated to learning to walk for quite a long time before you were able to walk steadily and safely, to stop, and just start, and start just when you wanted to go, and to go in the same direction that you wanted to go. Over the years, you have walked and walked and walked. Your body and brain and your mind have collaborated so often on the activity called walking that you now ... that you know all there is to know about it. You even know how to walk backwards, a curious ability. Six months ago, sudden ... S- three years ago, four years ago, a sudden and confusing thing happened, and you got confused about working and going and knocking on doors, and being confused and about knocking on doors, and going to North Carolina has affected the part of your brain that was involved in selling. Now, those muscles apparently refuse to do what you tell them to do, and they seem to be weak and flabby. But you have been coming to this special therapy, this mental therapy, you have been coming to this verbal therapy, to this clean language therably, to this magic therapy di- diligently to regain your muscle s- strength in your mind, and in your brain, and in your hands, and in your pen, and in your arms, and in your legs, reassuring that you have been doing your best as you can, forgiving yourself for letting go the decisions that you've made, yet your feet, and ankles, and knees, and hips are obstinately staying put instead of going where you want them to go. Recognize that frustration. That has been very frustrating. And you know from some of our previous sessions that when we, when we find something very frustrating, it indicates that we must look for a different approach. Let us explore then a new avenue. We can do that by putting the whole situation into a new framework. When you were a baby, you learned how to do something you had not done before. Then how about again learning to do it again? Now, that makes sense. After all, if you can learn how to do it once, like when you were a baby, you could learn how to do it again when you have all that privy experience, previous experience about learning. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. You have already learned how to sell so easily. It's second nature to you to go out and sell now today, getting up out of bed, cleaning, showering, shaving, getting dressed, and going out to sell, and making sales every day, coming home. You have already learned how to s- make sales, and come home, and go to sleep, and make sales. You have to relearn what you have already learned, calling on your subconscious to jump you up in the morning, go out and make sales, filling out applications, come home, send them in, s- have relax and go to sleep. Calling on your subconscious to search out what previous learnings of jumping up in the morning with purpose, getting to the place on time, you need to learn to put it to use.In order to do that searching, go further into hypnosis now. Let your subconscious mind go back to the time that when you- when you were a small baby, just learning how to walk. Go back to the beginning of one of those lessons, and that beginning may even have been before you were born when you were experiencing what it was like to move in an ocean of fluid. Ask your unconscious mind to review all that learning, and find out what you need to know again as you relearn what you've already learned for so many years ago. Feel it again making a sale, getting a check, and having to deposit. Feel it again seeing the deposit money in your checking l- account, what it was like to learn how to see the money of a checking... The deposit coming in from a sale. That all your senses be clear as your next step out of the house and to the car on the way to the appointment, as you experience that, the muscle tone and the c- co- driving around in the car in Delaware is the awareness of something that you would later call strength of character, of position of determination, of how to know your feet are on the ground, an exquisitely complicated movement of the foot as it lifts up in a step and swings forward, all your subconscious mind and body together to review and re-explore. Ask your unconscious mind to review all that old information many times a day. Review this, uh, old information many, many times a day for as many days as it needs to, and then to redirect that information to the present. (page flips) That information is needed now. Bring it now. At the same time your own subconscious mind is reviewing those previous learnings, you are now regaining muscle strength. You are now regaining psychic momentum, emotional momentum, and mental greater cl- w- moves through your therapy so that soon the two approaches can merge and you'll begin to learn again what you have already known for many, many decades, for many, many hundreds of months. More mind-body communication. Once learned skills can be relearned. Once learned skills can be relearned, like reading, like playing the good music, like singing, like driving, like selling, like sailing on a sailboat with sails and applications filled to the brim. This new approach calls for the greatest possible collaboration between minds, the conscious and the subconscious, and the body. Reinforce that the collaboration every day in your own hypnosis, reminding yourself that you already know what you are now learning. You are putting that knowledge to good use as you approach this worthwhile endeavor in this renewed and worthwhile way. You already know what you are learning. Dumping the rubbish. Three-one-three. Imagine yourself going into your laundry-

... filling it with water, opening the trapdoor in your head, pulling out all the unwanted rubbish in your, from your head such as fears, doubts, anxieties, and guilts, and dumping all this into the water, which becomes blacker and blacker as you do so. Notice dumping all them thoughts into, the anxieties and issues into the water and see it get darker and muddier, into the laundry. Finally, imagine yourself pulling out the plug and letting the inky water vanish down the sink. Finally, imagine pulling out the plug and letting all that water vanish down the sink. Relax and imagine yourself on the 10th floor of an apartment building, waiting for the elevator. When it arrives, arrives, you enter and turn your face to the door. On the right-hand side of the door is a vertical indicator showing the floor numbers. At the moment, the number 10 is illuminated, the elevator begins its descent smoothly, quietly, and comfortably. As it reaches the 9th floor, the number nine is illuminated, but the elevator continues on smoothly and effortlessly, for this is, uh, yours alone. It will not be stopping to pick up anyone else. The numbers illuminate in, in turn as each floor is reached, your feelings of relaxation and comfort increasing as you approach closer and closer to the ground floor. When you reach the ground level, you feel very much at ease, yet you can still go deeper. For on the indicator remain three basement levels, B1, B2, and B3. As the elevator passes each of these floors, you will be able to let go still more, so that when you reach basement level three and the doors open, you are now starting to feel a wonderful sense of ease and comfort. In this state, you leave the elevator, and crossing a hallway, open the door to a room which you enter now. Starting now, you begin to see that this is a beautifully furnished room with a deep pile carpet and superb drapes. In this room is a large stone fireplace, crackling with fire as it's burning You can see the flames licking around the giant logs. You can hear the crackle and hiss and smell the wonderful smoke. You feel the beautiful, glorious warmth soaking into every cell of your body. Feel the glorious warmth from your fireplace on the B3 level now. Feel the warmth of the fire on your feet, lower legs, upper legs, hips, hands, stomach, chest, arms, and shoulders, neck, head, face. Feel the warmth and things that you, things you may not wish to keep in your life, such as doubts, fears, anxieties, hostilities, resentments, or guilts can be imagined lying on a small table as you stand in front of the fireplace. These items are in the form of accounts which have already been paid. They lay there, a pile of papers, and there's no le- longer a need to keep these settled accounts around. You can pick them up and drop them into the fire one at a time. Drop them into the fire one at a time, feeling a sense of release as they are transformed into ashes. Imagine yourself pulling on a beautiful golden helmet and closing the visor. Within this helmet, you are safe from negative influences of others, their damning suggestions but unable to penetrate this protection simply bounce off harmlessly. I'd like you to imagine that you're walking along a path in a beautiful mountain setting, and as you walk, allow your comfort to increase, as you sink deeper and deeper into trance. I and I can't really know for sure all the things you'll be noticing soon. Perhaps you'll particularly enjoy the contrasting shades of colors, or all be aware of the tall trees silhouetted against the blue sky, with peacefully drifting fluffy white clouds I wonder if you'll notice a nearby mountainside with interesting patterns of rocks and trees. Sam, many people enjoy the sounds of nature, like the sound of the wind in the trees or a nearby stream or of singing birds. Perhaps you'll notice the warmth of the sun against your skin, of your feet, lower legs, upper legs, waist, stomach, chest, arms, hands, neck, and face, or the texture of the things you touch along this way of this walk. And as you walk, just take time to notice the things that interest you as you drift deeper and deeper into trance. And I'd like you to imagine that you're carrying a large pack on your back. Feel the weight of it, and imagine that you're walking, and feel the weight of this pack is growing heavier with every step. Imagine that you can feel this pack is filled with objects of some kind, objects that contain and that have been infused with a very h- heavy burden of all the excessive anger, guilt, upsetness of having to forgive yourself, all the, um, the, the poor decisions you made. Now looks hindsight's 20/20, but now the path begins leading up a rise, up a slight hill, and the pack is feeling even heavierBut you sense that a short distance ahead that you will come to the top of the hill, and as you reach the top, the path leads to a large open meadow with beautiful green grass and wild flowers, and you can now walk into the meadow, noticing the beauty. In the meadow, you can also see a large colorful helium or hot air balloon. It is red with a gronk- with a gondola underneath. This red giant air balloon is moored and tied down with large, large ropes. Walk over to it please, and please look inside the gondola. I know, notice a giant large basket or container of some kind which you can unlatch easily when you decide to now get inside. Now take off that heavy backpack. Now take off the heavy backpack and drop it onto the ground. Are you tired of carrying around in your life that heavy burden of those feelings? Are you tired of carrying around in your life the burden of those heavy feelings which you have been carrying around for so long? Do you really, do you feel ready to get rid of those old outdated feelings? Good. Good. Then in a moment I'm going to ask you to open that pack, and inside you'll find some, uh, kind of, you'll find some kind of objects or containers that have been infused with all of those excessive feelings of guilt and anger that have been weighing you down. Open the pack and see what kind of objects you find, that they contain all the ... ju- judgment and guilt and anger. What are they? Do you see the objects? Okay. Now I'd like you to take those objects, slowly look at the objects. Take those objects one at a time and toss them into a large basket on the gondola. I think that you're going to be pleased to notice that with each an object you throw away, those feelings of superiority, those feelings of guilt, those feelings of anger, those feelings of helplessness, those feelings of disappointment, those feelings of... can all decrease, and you will be w- with such a relief as if you're filling that basket up with all those bad feelings, those, those heavy feelings, and as though you're replanting yourself of all those excessive feelings, feeling increasing peace, feeling increasing comfort, increasing relief and freedom with every object that you throw into the basket of the gondola. And by the time you've thrown away all of those objects, I think you're going to be surprised or perhaps just enjoy how free, how peaceful you can feel within yourself. Now go ahead and take the objects out of the pack and begin throwing them one at a time into the basket. You can enjoy getting rid of those feelings. When you've thrown the last object into the basket, so you have... the basket is filled with all those excessive feelings, allow the index finger on your right hand to float up to signal to me. Great. Now close the latch of the lid of the basket and you can either untie those ropes using

... A big knife or ax, or you'll find on the ground the, the cut- to cut the ropes. As you release that balloon, you can rest back on the comfort of the grass and watch it float up into the sky, carrying away the basket and all those excessive, judgmental, guilty, disappointed, upsetting feelings that have burdened you. And with each movement of your, the motion of the balloon up in the sky, you can now feel an increasing sense of release and relief, free from those old feelings, so they will no allow- no longer have influence on your thoughts or moods or actions. Free of those feelings, watch as the wind begins to carry the balloon farther and farther away. Soon it will be out of sight, and when it's gone, you can take the big, big deep breath, and you can really enjoy the freedom and relief and peacefulness of being rid of those feelings. And this relief and this peace can flow and circulate all through you, and you'll be delighted to discover that these feelings of freedom and comfort and well-being can remain with you. Responsibility to a fault, the metaphor for over-responsibility, 320. The world of nature is enjoyed by almost everyone. People like the beauty and the diversity of animals. For example, the slot canyons or scuba diving, the ocean. But people do not realize that animals of all shapes, sizes, and colors and temperaments have to face certain realities of the unknown, and the risk of learning in the wild with predators, just as people do. Animal families are not unlike human families in some ways. We all stick together and try to provide the establishment of a territory in which to live, that is all within one's own. The bonding of a family, the anticipation, and finally, the arrival of an offspring or two, the proud parents and the protective parents, and love takes a lot of different forms in the animal kingdom. Consider the bears as an example of the wisdom of animals. A mother and her cubs are inseparable for the earliest weeks and the months of their life. If you really want to anger a bear, you can get near the cubs. She will protect them fiercely as she first teaches them how to hunt for food, how to survive in the wilderness, how to live, and how to grow. The cubs have time to play and to be young, but they also know the seriousness of what they must learn in order to be their own eventually, and then one day, the mother will chase her cubs up a tree and then abandon them. She leaves them on their own to live for themselves, to grow and change and learn as their lives go on. And a huge part of her responsibility is to reach a point of no longer having to be responsible for others. Their lives are to... or their lives are their own to live, and she knows that she can't live it for them no matter how much she cares for them. And it may seem cold or callous on the surface, especially when one sees the desperate search of the cubs for their mother, but she has a greater wisdom, a broader perspective, an intuitive sense that each life is valuable in what it allows its bearer to do. And what seems cruel on one level is actually the greatest gift of all on another, a more important level. And I know of no recorded instances of an insecure mother bear preventing her cubs from becoming independent. And gradually, beginning to enjoy separateness, 327. Beginning to enjoy separateness, and gradually, we begin to discover more and more perhaps to our surprise that we may even begin to enjoy more and more our sense of separateness. Even so, perhaps we may begin to discover that we may not really need that nurturing caretaker as much, and babying, and checking in as much as we thought we did. Even so, when we begin to develop capacities, competence, and mastery far beyond what we might have imagined, even so back then, because of the normal developmental process, we seem to continuously grow now, right now, and expand your capabilities and mastery. Always and ever so more, we shall begin to discover that we may not really need all that nurturing parent quite as much as we once thought we had did back then, a long time ago, when we had... in a similar fashion, we begin to discover even more, so that when we... perhaps we may not even want that nurturing parent as much as we once thought we had did once upon a time. Once upon a time, we begin to discover that in our developmental growth and process of evolving now, starting now, we begin to move, we begin to s- move toward curiosity. Starting now, we begin to move toward curiosity and exploration and challenge and growth in ways that would have been so terribly limited by the old fantasied symbiotic union, a union so tight that it would have prevented us from growing and developing and discovering all the potential of our individual identity. And even so, in the normal course of our development, we begin to discover satisfactions and evolving and developing our own individual unique separateness, and we begin to discover strength from our experience of our original sense of connectedness and bonding... and a combination of strength and freedom that results from our bonding and separateness begins to open a world of growth and satisfaction to us. Then it does not begin... And then it does begin to become satisfying to move into this good enough world, with a good enough nurturing, good enough caretaking parent. And good enough, now we are beginning to grow and experience good enough, and good enough evolve and a- all the satisfactions, good enough developing into our own special, unique abilities, very special human v- abilities, good enough for our own unique special combination of abilities and capacities, and strengths and talents that are all good enough to g- go do what you w- want now. And gradually, we begin to discover more and more all sorts of adventures that in the outside world, around us, in our mind, on the way to places we're going, and everywhere in between, on side roads and, eh, alleys, we may begin to discover other people, other children, other adults who provide some of our needs and wants and care, altern- alternate sources of solace and care and support, and alternative sources of interest and growth and excitement. And so we begin to move toward our natural evolution of development, discovering all of the other possibilities of bonding in the outside world that go beyond that original nurturing, caretaking, loving parent. And then things do seem be- and then things do seem to become easier, satisfying. Feelings Of Lightness 382. Hold your right arm straight out in front of you, parallel to the floor, your right hand as your arm is relaxed. Concentrate on your, these words and concentrate on your right arm and listen to me. Now imagine that the right arm is becoming lighter and lighter and lighter and lighter and lighter as it's moving up, up, up, up. It feels as if it doesn't have any weight at all, and it's moving up, up, up, more, more, more, and it's light as a feather. It's weightless and rising up in the air. It's lighter and lighter, rising and rising, more up, up, up. It's lighter and lighter and lighter, and up, up, up. It doesn't have any weight at all, and it's moving up and up, more, more, more. It's lighter and lighter, up, up, up, moving up, up, more, more, more, and higher and higher and higher. Now relax your arm and let it float back down. Concentrate on your body and listen to me. Now imagine that your whole body is becoming lighter and lighter and lighter. Your head, your shoulders, your trunk are becoming lighter and lighter. It feels as if they don't have any weight at all, and as if s- if you're floating, suspended in the air. Let yourself feel light as a feather, feeling lighter and lighter, rising and floating, feeling lighter and lighter. It feels as if you don't have any weight at all, as if you're just floating pleasantly in space. And you feel lighter and lighter, floating and drifting lighter and lighter. And as you let yourself feel lighter and lighter, and as if you're floating and drifting along, think of how pleasant it will feel when you feel feather- when you feel feathery light, after you lose all the un- unnecessary emotional baggage you used to carry around. Technique 550, Repeat After Me. And then-

Speak these words. You can speak in a hypnotic state without awakening, just as you can talk in the dreams of the night. And in a moment, still remaining in a hypnotic state, I want you to begin to review your problems and your goals. I want you to review your problems and your goals slowly. I want you to review your problem and goals slowly, thoughtfully, and carefully. And as you do so, simply to the sound of your voice, we'll take you deeper and deeper into a hypnotic state in which you can continue talking to me without any interruption of your story and review. So in a moment, as I tell you to begin, you can slowly, thoughtfully describe your problem from beginning to end. Right now, begin your problem in detail and the very specific goals you have for yourself. Make them as vivid and as lifelike as possible, going deeper and deeper into trance as you speak. Follow the submodalities and the nuances of how you internalize it. Notice any metaphors, places, people, and things. Now begin to slowly describe your problem. "I... I have been ruminating too much about the decisions that I made in the past, griping over decisions that I made, griping over decisions that could be made over the future, and I've been stuck in the past. I've been stuck reviewing the decisions I made in the past, and I've been stuck and looking at the possible decisions people might make in the future, and getting stuck in paralysis of not taking action today now. I've also had the problem of allowing myself to become too small mentally, and not... I have, I've been res- with straining myself using language and the spells of words, and using the spelling of words to make, to have made to allow myself to have remained small back then. I used to use language and words to keep myself small, and in pain, and turmoil, and confused in this world way back then at that time." Good. Now, in a moment, I want you to speak again. (sniffs) I want you to slowly, carefully, and thoughtfully indicate what you need and what you want. And as you slowly speak, with each word, your unconscious mind can take you deeper and deeper into trance. The mere sound of your voice will take you deeper, in a deeper state in which you can continue to talk to me, listen to me, answer questions, and do anything asked of you. And you will find yourself in such a deep state that you will be under the most powerful compulsion to do precisely what is indicated. Now, meditatively, thoughtfully, slowly review precisely what you need and what you want. When do you need those? How often? When? Now, meditatively, thoughtfully, slowly review precisely what you need and what you want. All right. Now, continue to drift into a deeper and sounder trance, deeper with every breath you take. And as soon as you continue to go deeper, in a moment, I'm going to have you outline the therapy and the actions that will be necessary to accomplish what you want. Once again, as you speak, you will continue to go into a deeper and more profound trance with every sound of your voice and with every word you speak. Simply the sound of your voice will take you into such a deep hypnotic state that you will find yourself compelled and constrained to do exactly that which is indicated. So in a moment, when I stop speaking, I want you to slowly, thoughtfully, meditatively describe specifically what you will need to do. Now, slowly, thoughtfully, describe exactly what you need to do. "I need to quickly clean and tidy the entire house, visually making it tidy, throw all the mess into one room and put it behind a door, just like a energy conversion box. I need to simplify my goals and write down my goal for the year onto one piece of paper."I need to go through the David pat- pat-david book and complete as much as I can and carry that book with me throughout the course of every day. Always bring my goals with me. Fit- fi- fill it out as much as I can and carry it with me. Use the calendar and specify one goal at a time, beginning with going out and trying to sell, at the time selling every day, using the calendar, get- get the one task of every day. Write down the top task every day on a very small newly purchased book from the store, small goal of a task for every day, just one item, and write down the issues of attaining that item every day, just the top task. So I need a book, and I need a tidy home, and I need to keep track s- Golden STARs. That's what I need to do and, and I'm controlling me. Very good. And I need... And I need to do my visualizations and my mental programming every day, one hour a day, two hours a day, three hours a day. Very good. And continue drifting deeper and deeper into comfort. In a moment, I'm going to ask you to speak again, and I want you to specify in great detail precisely what's necessary and exactly what you will do so that you, you will reach your goals. As you speak, you can do so with an increasing effortlessness, allowing your conscious mind to take over and take you into a deeper and more profound trance, trance. With every sound of your voice, that you find yourself in such a deep trance, that the things you indicate are necessary, the suggestions you give to yourself will profoundly influence your thoughts and feelings and actions and behaviors. You are in such a deep trance that you will feel impelled from a deep within you to do precisely what is indicated now. Thoughtfully, slowly, and in detail, indicate exactly what you will do so that you will have what you want. I will go to the Staples and I will acquire a hand... A small book for my hands to write down all the, the number one activity of the day and to go after it. I will get a calendar and Golden STARs and Golden r- Rainbow stickers to keep track of the one activity for the day. I will hang it up on the wall. I will... I will call ten YouTube channels. I will call the 3T Warrior Trainer for, to see if I can sell life insurance there. I will call Valuetainment to see if I can sell life insurance through Valuetainment. I will call the F&G Life Insurance through Mark Arver to see if I can sell F&G Life Insurance through them. I will call... I will call Bob and begin my contracting process with him, and I will also call Benjamin from the Final Expense Services and con- start contracting with them to get the leads. I will also buy leads tomorrow for $3,000. I want you to speak. Very good. And I will go to work. I will get up early in the morning and eff- I will get up early and effortlessly in the morning with great energy and with great echi- desire and with great gusto and great pow. I will get up and I will shower and I will shave and I will listen to my rap musics into the shower. I will get dressed and putting on my best clothing until I'm fully feeling great about myself

Checking my schedule for the day and making sure that all my sales presentation materials are with me. I check the route to my appointments, I check my appointments and, uh, the preparations. I look at my preparations for every appointment I have, to make sure that I'm prepared for every preparation, and I write down what I believe, how many I will close. Then I go and I drive to each home. I knock on the house, I say what I say and listen to what they have to say, and I say what I have to say and they let me inside. I sit down and I review all of their accounts. I ask them if they can ask questions, and I ask them the questions filling out the application. They sign the application and I sign and I collect the void check. I fax and scan these papers and email them in to the company and they are approved. Then I go to the computer and I see the commission's deposited into my account. Then I take some of those monies and I put it into my life insurance account. I take some of those monies and I put them into my Roth IRA crypto account with Bitcoin, XRP, Solana and Avalanche. And I take some of those monies and I put them into buying more leads, so I can go out and buy more and make more money. Very, very good. Then I look at myself and I thank myself. And I thank the Lord, and I give him the thanks and praise. Very, very good. Now, now just rest. Just rest into an even deeper and sounder state as each breath takes you into a deeper hypnotic s- sleep. Now, in a moment, I want you to speak again. And once again as you speak, each sound of your voice will take you deeper, so deep you'll find yourself under a most powerful compulsion to do exactly what is indicated. Now, I want you to do slowly, empathetically, and in a full and comprehensive detail, to affirm again precisely what you will do. I will effortlessly and with energy jump out of, into bed, out of bed in the morning on two feet, hearing the sound of my voice alarm with my music and my voice and s- suggestions in my, in the morning that's reminding me of what a great opportunity an adventure today is. I find myself in the shower with great energy, drinking coffee and listening to my rap self-empowerment songs, envisioning the day of great success and all of my, my intentions are coming true. Having shap- put on my best clothes, and having shaved with a smooth face, handsome and, and smelling good with deodorant and perfumes, I put on my best clothes and ties matching perfectly, seeing myself in the mirror and s- feeling confident and energized that everyth- everything will be executed perfectly today. I go over all of my appointments that have been scheduled, and I go over all the clients, what their needs are, and make sure I have all of the necessary preparations in my car and involve my person in, um, my Zoom meetings. I go to the homes and I review all the accounts as specified and make the best presentation as I possibly can, using my sales materials, using pre-recorded visual videos that I made and using the links that I created on the YouTube that they've already sent, using... And I had these suggestions, and then, uh, we fill out the application together. And we decide upon a monthly premium that they feel comfortable. We fill out the application and they e-sign the e-application, and I e-sign the e-application. I see the commissions come in my checking account and I take some and I put some in Bitcoin, in my Roth IRA. I take some and put it in my life insurance. I take some and I grow it and I buy more leads so I can go out and buy more and pay more and get more opportunities. And I will look at myself in the evening and I will feel good about myself, and I will pat myself on the back and eat delicious food and share a life with a beautiful, b- lovely woman. Now, before awakening, I want you to point out that I have offered you no advice or suggestions Every suggestion has come from you, yourself. And these suggestions will sink deep into your unconscious mind, and profoundly influence your thoughts, and feelings, and your behaviors. And you will find yourself under a powerful compulsion arising from deep inside of you to do everything that you have indicated, and you will feel unconsciously impelled, deeply compelled to do the things that you yourself have indicated. Thank you. Now, now and again, 547, mental rehearsal of presentation and sales skills. Bring to mind a presentation that you have to make in the near future. It may be a sales presentation to a client on a Zoom meeting or face-to-face. They may have clicked on your videos, or they may not have. They may have reviewed your presentations online, or they may be speaking with you now. It may be a speech to a gathering of your peers or superiors. It may be a simple meeting. Imagine yourself getting a good night's sleep. Focus on feeling as though you're falling asleep, and that you're waking refreshed. Imagine dressing as you would dress on the day of your presentation, feeling good about yourself. You're smiling. At the place where the presentation is to take place, imagine yourself walking into the room. Your audience is eagerly awaiting your arrival. You are several minutes early, comfortably early. There is little pressure, that people are interested in what you have to sayBefore giving your presentation, take a deep breath. Use your physical cue, touching your thumb and your finger together, or pulling your earlobe for a brief moment of your place of safety. Imagine your protective shield around you, and now return to your meeting. Imagine the faces of the potential questions, the real questions. Imagine the points to what you will cover. Understand each question beyond the words. You understand why each question was asked and the underlying emotional concerns. You are intuitive. You are sensitive to their thoughts and ideas. Now imagine the results, a positive result, a handshake, a job well done, the sale closed, the promise of a contract, the nods of approval, the smiles, the anticipation of working together again, a standing ovation from your public speaking au- audience. Now I want you to think of some major incentive which you would be, are working towards and which you would like to achieve in the future. Maybe you would like to live in India for six months. Maybe you would like to live in another country for six month- Maybe you'd like to live on an island, scuba diving and earning monies, doing, selling insurance, earning overrides, marketing dollars, all types of monies coming in and teaching the Mastery Dive class. It might be taking an ocean or seeing a grad- some graduate. Whatever your, or it might be, when you firmly have your goal in mind, I would like you to picture yourself transported into the future, savoring the fruits of your achievement and enjoying the knowledge that your goal for which you have worked for so long and so hard is finally yours. Continue to hold the image in your mind. Continue to hold and focus on it, and soon it will just be as if you were really there on Bonaire in your own home. Taking o- off and relaxing on the couch and reviewing in your mind the scuba diving expedition and the day of the, you had. Taking someone through the cruise, through the, through the w- waters, getting paid $700 and having o- insurance overrides coming in, automatic monies, videotaping, enjoying carefully made music, doing your mental visualizations and your self-hypnosis. Your autogenic self-hypnosis has made you lots of money on the internet. You've shared with yourself and with others how they can take great charge of their direction in life using the language of the unconscious mind, using the language of the world, using the language of the unconscious mind. You've shown people how to, to gain greater, greater control over their life's experiences. And now you earn monies and you see it coming in passively. Monies come in daily. Monies come in every day. Monies come in every day. You earn monies every day, coming in every day. You've done a great job of recording and documenting your life, Sam. You've done a great job of documenting your struggles. You've done a great job of sharing and documenting your struggles with so many people. The documentation and, of your struggles has inspired so many people to continue to hold on and to grow and change and face change. So, let yourself begin to live the experience now. You have achieved what you set out to attain and the fruits of your efforts are yours to enjoy. Live the fulfillment of your goal. Allow yourself to experience all the joy and the satisfaction which come from knowing that your ambitions have finally been realized. Maybe you need to go to India and see what you can do for six months. Maybe you and

... roots. We'll start a TV show. You'll live the f- you'll live the fulfillment of your goals and allow yourself to experience all the joy and the satisfaction which come from knowing that your ambitions have fin- at last been realized. Let yourself savor the thrill of achievement and post and bask in the warm, glowing, rewarding glow of jobs well done, jobs well done, jobs well done. And as you allow yourself to let go completely and to experience this event fully, savoring your triumph and all of its fruits and cherries and strawberries and little wholes to choose from, the feelings of satisfaction and achievement are becoming clearer and sharper and tighter and wetter and sweeter and with- and warmer, with more intensity, more warmth, more wetness, more pressure, more friction, more warmth with every passing moment. You can see in a little while that I'm going to return you to the present time. But until I do, let yourself continue to enjoy the fulfillment of your jol- goal, which you have worked so hard to attain, as the feelings of achievement and satisfaction continue to grow and each passing second finds them stronger as they were before. (chair creaks) (paper rustles) It's time to return to the present now, to the time from which you left. You are beginning to return to the present time and the scene you have been experiencing in your mind is beginning to fade, but you will still remain in a trance for a while, until I bring you out. You will feel renewed and recharged as a result of your experience, and you will possess a heightened resolve to succeed in the attainment of your goal, in your mission, in your purpose. You will have a heightened resolve to succeed in your purpose and mission, attainment of your goals, aspiration. The scene is now fading more and more, almost gone. Now the scene is completely gone and you are back with me here in the present. You're feeling renewed and recharged and more determined than ever to succeed in the attainment of your mission, purpose, goals that you've envisioned, for its benefits and attractions are now much more tightly and clearly apparent than they ever were before. (sniffs) You remember that we use hypnosis in age regression to help you go back and deal with an issue or an event that you don't understand, to settle some unfinished business. We all live in the present, which tomorrow will be the past, and the future becomes the present. Time is always moving. You can see the future in fantasy to make the present move more progressively happy and successful. Fantasies are good to have. Unrealistic fantasies can be fun and entertaining, then discarded as one would shut off a TV set. Now, realistic, achievable fantasies can provide the material for you to establish and work at accomplishing your mission, purpose, destiny. When you- when the tomorrow becomes the present, fantasies will become realities. Just as you went down the road or a corridor or stairs to go back into the past, you can go up that same road, up that same corridor, up those stairs to envision your future. You can see the pleasant future happening to you, or if you prefer, it is more helpful, you can be an observer watching it ha- to happen to somebody else, and then afterwards, you can imitate the model. You may select either model. Simply select the method which will give you the greatest revelation and that will be the most beneficial f- to you. By looking into the future, you are establishing goals, let's say five-year goals. For the present, you will need to determine how to really make it happen so you won't always remain in a fantasy. To do so, you will break that five-year goal into five-year- to five shorter one-year goals. Each of these years will be broken out to- d- down into 12 months. Each of those months will be broken down into weeks. Thus, each week, you are achieving some of your goals.... until you realize that the future is n- n- now. You can write all those goals down after you come out of hypnosis and then, on a weekly basis, review your pleasurable and successful progress. Looking into the future, you are concerned about the relationships. See them as you desire t- them to transpire. (paper rustles) You are concerned about your career, work, occupation. See that self-efficacy functioning in your choice of work. You are concerned about health, possibly. You are concerned about finances. See the process unfold with- with careless- without careless debts. See the process unfold without careless debts and excess funds, excess monies, and excess energies, excess dollar signs in your hands. You see interest in hobbies, recreation, travel, personality improvement, or whatever you r- realistically desire, and see the process you must go through to realize these achievements. You are making things happen, even some things that you haven't done before but that you r- but that you reali- but you can realistically accomplish. Now you won't be saying, "When I get around to it," or, "One of these days." You'll never say again, "When I get the chance." You won't say anymore, "I will." You won't say anymore, "Soon, I'll." Instead, you will make things happen. Now, instead, you make things happen. You are making some things happen now. There is power in this, and you can come to realize that future is now. (sniffs) 359. Suggestions for sexual aversion patient. Perhaps you will be aware of several different feelings. You don't have to experience arousal. That isn't even necessary. To be aware of pleasurable feelings right now is not necessary. It's all right to just experience whatever you experience, and I think you'll be pleased to discover that you can learn and there's nothing to bother you or disturb you. And some things may feel familiar, and some things may feel new and unfamiliar, and that's all right. That's the way we grow and the way we develop. For now, you can just concentrate on places that feel different from other places, and I want you to notice the distinctive sense of different types of touch. And I really don't know what you'll notice, and it doesn't really matter to me. You may be aware of textures of differing pressures. You may be aware of warmth or comfortable coolness. You might even notice dryness or some moistness, and I wonder what you'll learn about the meaning of these things as you feel them. I wonder how you're going to feel about what those things mean. Some things may feel soothing and others more restful, some relaxing and some unusually interesting. If, at times, you find that your mind is wandering elsewhere during sex, it may be a good time to direct those thoughts so that your mind can drift off to a memory or perhaps a fantasy of something very arousing. So when you notice stray thoughts distracting you, you can use that as a time for a very sensual, a very vivid, and a very enticing daydream to just how to float into your mind on vacation with roots. And I don't know if that image will be from a movie you particularly liked or from something you've read. Perhaps you'll find yourself b-

... -picturing an especially erotic scene, noticing the sensual way of the kissing, the way they caress and touch each other, and how they begin to gradually, seductively remove clothes. You feel as you remember what they're observing them doing, perhaps playfully seducing, seductively teasing each other, or tenderly beginning to explore the other's body with lips, with fingers. Maybe noticing them beginning to move, the responding to pleasure, the sounds of pleasure you hear, the tender loving things said to each other. On the other hand, it's fine and fun to know what they s- when stray thoughts distract you during sex. You don't need a movie of others. You may have some very, some very vivid memories of your own that you invented or imagined, made up, played with, or reminded from the past that can come freely to mind, sensuous erotic experiences that you shared or made up, envisioned, or created in the past, which you had shared with someone. And you can become deeply involved and absorbed in these memories, enjoying the excitement of the interaction, feeling what you know how to feel and felt then, experiencing the excitement and pleasure. Memories can be so real. Many people can sense the texture and gentleness, gentle softness of skin, silky and smooth, the feel of warm, warm skin, pleasant curves, the sensations of soft air, hearing breathing, whispered words, size of pleasure. And it may be even that you are even more aware of the pleasant fragrance of someone's hair, along with the mounting pleasure and excitement. You are now so deeply relaxed that all the suggestions I'm going to give you will be firmly fixed in the unconscious part of your mind, so firmly fixed, so deeply embedded that nothing will ever remove them. Everything that I tell you now is going to happen to you, will happen exactly as I tell you. Every feeling and every sensation that I tell you that you are going to experience, you will experience just as I tell you, and these things will happen particularly when you work. This entire project is really an experiment on human potentiality. Work experts have discovered that most people tend to underestimate their own capabilities and abilities. There are really two major factors that allow you to do your very best when working. The first, of course, is really wanting to do well with the exercise tasks which you are about to work, to do. This is something that, this is something with which you are already familiar. But the second one, which is even more important, is something which, which you may not know about. This is the fact that if you realize in advance what many, many things ordinarily make you think you have reached your limit, you will be able to keep going beyond the point where mo- where you are beginning to experience them. The fact th- this is the fact, that if you realize in advance what things ordinarily make you think about, think you have reached your limit, you'll be able to keep going beyond the point where you begin to experience those things. This is the fact, that if you realize in advance what the triggering signals ordinarily were that have made you think that you have reached your limits, those signaling cues will no longer be good, good at holding you back. From now on, they will, you will be able to continue beyond the point where you are beginning to experience the signals that tell you to slow down or stop. Most people use discomfort or fatigue as signs that they should stop what they were doing. Those people fail to realize that discomfort and fatigue are normally and usually the fir- those first early signs that they are approaching their greatest learning curve, that they are approaching their greatest zone in a- appropriation, their great- they're approaching their greatest maximum performance levels, they're ap- approaching their learning abilities, and that they can, in fact, keep on going far beyond that point. Most people generally assume that when they start feeling uncomfortable, this feeling will get worse. As a matter of fact, if you allow yourself to keep on going after you start to feel that, those signs and signals of discomfort, you will find that feeling will actually diminish. I am taking it for granted that you are here because you really want to be here and that you are really eager to explore your potential to its fullest, to do your utmost on these tasks. In that case, the thing that you really must keep in mind is the importance of noticing each of the discomfort or fatigue and using it as stimulus to keep on going. In that case, the thing you must really keep in mind is the importance of noticing each of the signals and signs of discomfort or fatigue and using those as stimulus to keep on going forward. Then put it aside in your mind and concentrate on the working itself. It is terribly important to us in this experiment to find out exactly how much you can do with these tasks. The outcome of this experiment cannot be successful unless you cooperate by giving us your absolute maximum performance.This is not going to be easy, for it is going to take every ounce of concentration, effort, and willpower that you can muster. I want you to give it everything that you've got, to feel the strain all through your mind and body, and to use that strain and effort to good advantage using every resource within you. Make this a total effort. As you work for longer and longer periods of times, you may experience certain symptoms. You may experience a feeling of heaviness in your arms. You may experience breathlessness, a feeling of tightness in your legs, a sensation of discomfort in your chest, mouth, or throat. You will probably develop a sense of fatigue after you have been working for some time. As you start to experience any of these sensations, this will be the stimulus for you to work even harder. As a result of this, you will find that you are able to go on and on and on and on and actually work and work and work and work and work through this experience, so that you become less aware of whatever discomfort for you were- had been experiencing. You will feel as though you could work on working for longer and longer periods of time. You will feel a greater desire to give a total effort. You will feel a greater desire to use every bit of willpower that is within you. You will actually work through your most difficult periods and no matter how tired you start to become, this will act as a stimulus that you will continue working without becoming unduly distressed. As you concentrate on my voice, so that all these things I'm telling you will act on you when the time comes for you to perform and work and work and work and work. You did a great job. You're doing a great job. 266 Erickson's Metaphor with Tinnitus. Conserving and increasing energy, 261. Reservoir of energy. Create a reservoir for conserving and holding energy in the lowermost abdomen, in the region of the navel or the chest. Get energy during inhalations. (inhales) Hold it and possibly increase it while holding the breath. Think of endurance during long, slow exhalations. Imagine during inhalations (inhales) that something starts glowing within you, imagining a beam of light in the reservoir. Relax those parts of the body which are not involved in the building of the energy reservoir (exhales) during those exhalations. (inhales) Use the reservoir as a place from which to draw energy in an emergency. Energy can thus be built up and preserved for several days before some event in order to reach a peak of energy for a game day, contest, or special event. Endurance. Endurance may be increased by alternate relaxation and invigoration. If, for instance, an arm must be held-

... For a long- prolonged time and raised in position. Feel it light and invigorated during inhalations (inhales). Feel it relaxed and easy during exhalations (exhales). (inhales) Feel it light and invigorated during inhalations (inhales), feel it relaxed during exhalations. Design your own extra- uh, exercises for increasing endurance using the entries in the table. Efficient hands. To prevent tension while writing or working with the hands, imagine initiating the movements from the shoulder blade region or the elbows, not from the s- forest- forearms or hands. Let the shoulders sink and relax in the arms and hands repeatedly while working. Invigorate the fingers periodically by making small flexing and stretching movements. Delegating energy. Imagine the rubber joints and exercise where ankle, knee, and hip joints are imagined as flexible rubbers. Imagine rubber joints in the ankles, knees, hips, elbows for relaxation and then balance. And then during inhalation, (inhales) gather the full breath, and imagine during the next strong exhalation forcing all the inhulate oxygen- ox- inhaled oxygen back into the arm, fingers, or wherever the energy is needed. For forethought energetic action. Partial relaxation and invigoration. Relaxation and- or invigoration alone may not be appropriate. Learn to combine invigoration with one body part or tension of one body part, with the relaxation of all other parts. Remember that exhalation produces relaxation (exhales). That's maybe why the hunt that, uh, uh, t- resonant tuning relaxes, it's all exhalation. Ooh. Remember that exhalation produces ex- relaxation, and inhalation (inhales) produces invigoration or tension. Learn to bring a specific body part to the required state of invigoration (inhales) or tension, and then relax the rest of the body. For example, relax the shoulders and neck during exhalation (exhales), and during inhalation, invigorate an arm or special movement such as playing an instrument. Uh, unnecessarily- Okay, athletic warm-up. The efficiency of a warm-up is increased and muscles remain more relaxed and invigorated if movements are con- consciously made as follows. For greater flexibility, make a forward movements and stretched or overstretched during exhalations (exhales). Stretch, stretch, stretch (exhales), stretch, stretch, stretch (exhales). For inh- invigoration, make forward movements, make forward movements, stretch forward, a- or overstretch during inhalations (inhales). Stretch, stretch, stretch (inhales), stretch, stretch, stretch (inhales). Mix the two consciously. Mix the two consciously during the warm-up. Inhalation also develops the tension, and stretching during inhalation should alternate between the relaxation (paper rustles) during exhalation and inhalation so the proper balance of the two is maintained. So you can strech- stretch with (exhales) and stretch with (inhales). The reservoir of energy, and the solar plexus or storage battery. The solar plexus is a network of nerve fibers associated with the level of the sternum behind the stomach, in front of the spine. Its fibers radiate like the sun. The solar plexus region is a very good place for storing and conserving energy and the imagination. Inhale and exhale while imagining charging a battery there, or filling a reservoir with energy. For being calm and relaxed, yet feeling alive, imagine the golden thread through the crown of the head and down the spine. Imagine that this thread is the center of your calmness. Create a reservoir for conserving and holding energy in the lowermost abdomen, in the region of the navel, or in the chest. Get energy during inhalations (inhales), hold it, and possibly increase it while holding your breath. Think of endurance during long, slow exhalations (exhales). Imagine during inhalations that something starts glowing inside of you. (inhales) Or imagine a beam of light in the reservoir. Relax those parts of your body which are not involved in the building of the energy reservoir during exhalations (exhales). Use the reservoir as a place from which to draw energy in the case of emergency. Energy can thus be built up and preserved for several days before some event in order to reach a peak of energy for a game day event, et cetera. (paper rustles) Invigoration exercises for alertness. Jog- imagine jogging leisurely on good surface in a place which is pleasant and enjoyable. Let it have the right temperature, the right surface on which to run, the right landscaping. Breathe in the rhythm with the imagined jogging. Energized walking. Do this in reality or in the imagination. Walk rhythmically for about four steps during inhalation, hold the breath for four steps, and exhale for four steps (inhales). One, two, three, four (exhales). Adjust the speed for two types of your physical and mental condition. However, take more steps during exhalations or the holding of the breath than during the inhalations.Adjust the vigor of the inhalation to the need of the body. Very consciously end the real or imagined walk with a deep, refreshing, energizing inhalation. (inhales) Body Alert List. Make a quick, short, alert survey of your body and ask, "Do the shoulders allow alertness? Are the eyes alert? Are the ears fully awake and attentive? What about the arms? The chest?" Drive o- drive out drowsiness where it lingers. Do groins, hips, and buttocks interfere with the alertness of the upper body? Are feet and legs awake and aware? Check one, each one at a time. Simple Invigoration. Imagine stretching the arms and legs and feel very much alive during inhalations (inhales). And just inhale with the invigorating thoughts such as, "Alive and anew, aware and awake." (inhales) Alive and anew, aware and awake. (inhales) Alive and anew, aware and awake. (inhales) Imagine stretching the arms and legs and feel very much alive during inhalations. And as you breathe in, think, "Alive and anew, (inhales) aware and awake." (inhales) Stretch the limbs during inhalation and imag- imagining the energy rising up the spine. Imagine jogging happily along, walking rather fast. Suddenly step into an open manhole. Let the surprise take away the breath. (inhales sharply) No harm was done, but you really stirred up and awake. (page flips) Face Treatment. Imagine an invigorating massage of the skin of your face. Imagine drumming on it with the fingertips. Feel the water massage from a refreshing shower or raindrops, or feel the little hair stones bouncing on different parts of the face. Feel the deeper tissues massage during exhalations. (exhales) Feel the fast vibrating exhilarating impact on the skin while inhaling in small interrupted, almost gasping steps. (inhales sharply) End with a deep, refreshing inhalation. (inhales) Double Door. For invigoration of the shoulder and neck region, imagine a double door in the region of the shoulder blades. Allow its two parts to swing openly during inhalations, (inhales) and let them to close during exhalations. (exhales) Imagine a cool, fresh breeze enters while it opens. Become calm and self-possessed while it does. Imagine climbing stairs or a mountain during inhalations, (inhales) and with each sta- step, imagine climbing to a greater and greater wakefulness and alertness. (inhales) Keep the exercise short to prevent over-ventilation. (inhales) Imagine driving into a cold enough place. Imagine dr- diving into a k- pool cold enough to stop the breath. Imagine coming out of the pool and relaxed. (pages flip) Imagine or do the following, hold out the arms straight in front, in front, reach out and stretched. For the awakening after sleep, or for coming out of the relaxed altered state of consciousness, inhale and make small stretching movements with the fingers and toes. Either move several times during one long inhalation, or inhale stepwise during all finger, moving all fingers. Relax during exhalation. Lengthen the spine during inhalation. (inhales) Feel it stretch and become longer. During exhalation, relax again, but in a more refreshed manner. Then, during the next inhalation, (inhales) imagine plugging yourself into a new-

... battery for recharging. Repeat this for several inhalations. Then stretch and flex your limbs. Inhale and start getting up. If young and healthy, get up with the inhalation to increase vigor and vitality. If weak and not so healthy, get up during the exhalation to preserve strength to avoid wasting energy. (pause) Finger and arm invigoration. Invigorate the fingers with about f-five small, strong flexing movements during stepwise inhalation. Exhale while letting the le-- hand relax. Initiate movement of the arm, hand and fingers, th-the shoulder blade. (pause) Exhale while letting the hand relax, then repeat. Initiate movement of the arm, hand and fingers from the shoulder blade region and imagine that the forearms or fingers, like those of a string puppet, are supported and moved by means of strings from an outside force. Remember that lifting the lightness are associated with inhalations. Permit the fingers to be soft, light, liquid and sensitive, or heavy, precise, and hard like the little hammers according to the work they must perform. Experiment with the breathing while doing this so that it aids in your actions.