No matter what you can't stop. Even if there's an error you have to keep moving forward. You can't stop no matter what. That's the number one rule of freestyling is you keep going no matter what. Uh. Just imagine we stuck. Just imagine that we tough. Just imagine that we bust. Just imagine that we stuck. Just imagine that we go all in. Just imagine that we basketballin'. Just imagine that there ain't no rivalin'. We climb on in like the Jack and the Giant Beanstalk is tall. Like we can walk the walk as much as we talk. Like we don't even have our sneakers on. Like we haven't pumped up our Reeboks and all. But trust me, we can't even be the best that we can. Sam Russell is not even, he's just, he's just the beginning. Yo, domino effecting. Domino effecting, butterfly effecting. Everything is affecting everything else. We coming with using a higher energy frequency meditation tendency. Sending out love radiation energy. We not trying to put anyone down or anything. We want to bring and elevate everything up. I forgive everyone and I'm forgiving myself and what's up, what's up. I forgive everyone. I forgive everyone in advance. I, I have to forgive everyone for my own self, for my own purity, for my own wisdom, for my own sanity, for my own. Everyone must be free to do whatever they think or believe. However, there are consequences to behaviors and whatever you pick, that's what you might be sleeping in bed with. That's why you must take a careful step. You must plan in advance many times. You must plan in advance with many rhymes. You must plan in advance with many spines. Yo, put it in a grocery store in lines. Yo, Sam Russell here for days, here for months, here for years, for decades. Circle around the so-called sun for a hundred and twenty-one rotations, making him a hundred and one to twenty-one years old. Yo, that they want to be selling this gold and Bitcoin. That's just now what is this? Confusing everyone with the business. People don't know if they should run forward or run backward. They just know they want to run somewhere faster. It's like there's a fire going around. You don't know if you're in California or Florida. Whether you should run to the north or to the southwardly. They got hurricanes and monopolies. Storm Irma's and Storm Jose. People put down the erase resistance signs and stay away from me. Yo, I move on in my life. I have my own personal goals. I don't blame anyone for my life. There's nobody that controls my future dreams, my destinies, and how much weight I can holster up by pulling myself all the way to my chin and further on up till I become the future that I dream. Till I become the future that I see. Till I become my own hero. Till I become my own hero. Loving and living and running and living in life. Sharing and gathering and living and we running in sights. We seeing the sounds, putting the musics around. People loving the sound. We come and run around. See, just imagine. Just imagine we shaking things. Just imagine we on the basketball rim. Just imagine that we is tall. Just imagine we is tall. Just imagine we is tall. Just imagine we is ball. Uh. Freestyle. Freestyle.