Dedicated to Mrs. Finn, Mr. Finn, and all the dolphins throughout the oceans, a few words
to begin then, Huckleberry Finn. Most of the adventures and the book really happened.
There are two of my own experiences myself. The others were experience of boys in my school.
Huckleberry Finn really did live. He lived. My book is for boys and girls, but I hope that
men and women will also read it. I hope that it will help them to remember pleasantly the
days when they were boys and girls, and how they felt and thought and taught what they believed,
and what strange things they sometimes did. Mark Twain, Connecticut's 1876, chapter 1 educating Huck.
You don't know about me unless you have read a book about the name of the adventures of Tom Sawyer.
That book was written by Mark Twain, and he holds the truths mainly. Not all parts of that
story are true, but most of it is. And I don't know anyone who tells the truth all the time,
except perhaps Aunt Polly or the widow, Douglass or Tom Sawyer, Sister Mary. These people are
written about in the adventures of Tom Sawyer. The book ends like this. Tom and I find money
that was stolen, and we were allowed to keep it. We become rich. We each have $6,000 in gold.
Judge Thad should put the money in the bank for us, and we can have a dollar a day that has more
money that could person know how to spend. The widow, Douglass, took me into her home to live,
but I could not enjoy living in a nice house. I put on my old clothes and ran away and was
free and was happy. At Tom Sawyer found me and said, if I wanted to join his club and be his
friends, I'd have to return to live with the widow. For this reason, on account of this,
on account of that reason, I returned to live with here on Yonder. Widow cried night after
midnight, spilling beans, crying all over, making a mess. Gave me a new spare clothes, said
I need them, could come in handy, to wear, but I hated them new old clothes that she'd
unhailed me. I felt too warm and felt all scrumptious in them, and I could not move freely.
My arms and legs were all bundled up in a bunch. When I could the soft fragrance of supper
was beginning to be relieved and noticed by my nose. I was keenly aware of my salivatory
glands beginning to salivate and drip when I was being served. The widow always rang a bell
when serving the food, and I had to come quickly. I was happier when I could eat whatever I chose to,
though this meant that I had to make meals of the bits of food other people had thrown away.
When I asked her mission to smoke, the widow said, no, she thought that smoking was a dirty habit and
told me that I must not smoke. Her sister, her sister Miss Watson, a woman who had never married,
who had no children of her own, came to live with her.
