The state of Washington and the top of the various mountains. Above the clouds, above the clouds, clouds trippin'. Is where Amy and Sam is taken ya. If you get claustrophobic, no need, no need to reason to panic. I got the antidote in the vial. You can chill out, just breathe normal for as much as you can. In style, we walkin' above the clouds, above the clouds, above the clouds. Cloud's mind state. Imagine when you can see for miles and millions of miles. Surroundin' the world. Evil spirits and crocodiles that have been comin' and waitin' in the river. Like the Egyptian Nile for many years. Fessificated, created, waitin' out for you, waitin' to get you. Been waitin' for 50 years just to chomp you when you go to swim there. I'm just kiddin', I've already been there. I have to go in and get, come back with a crocodile's leather skin. Let 'em know who the boss is. Take 'em and toss 'em, he tries to grab you and toss the flesh around. That's not how I get down. I barehand hunt him. The way I crocodile hand hunt him is I use rubber gloves. You gotta have a rubber glove and then you can hand hunt the crocodile. That's fair enough. I'm not havin' spikes and stuff. Spikes enough, I just need some rubber gloves. That way I don't want 'em to slip away. He's a little, a little too slippery. Can I please have my new, nasty, my new, my new hits, clips. Yo check it, the next, the next phase that we move into the place. Is the best phase, Amy found the best place in all of El Fante. Let me take it back, we're goin' to the Vietnam place. We're gonna get a brand new taste on Indian food. Southern Indian vegetarian, mint chutney, mango chutney. Pita, what you get, not pita like the bread, that's what they got. They gotta have tandoori chicken. Japanese food. We have to eat sushi, we like the rice and the soybean juice that they put in. I like the Korean barbecue taste as well as mo'. I like the Senegal food, Ethiopian food, Jamaican food, Caribbean food. I need to get to another taste. We need to find another way. We need to get more French food, more Italian food. Not so much forget the fast food. We're talkin' real, true live food, true live taste, true live real, true live wait. Don't let the time wait. We don't let time get by, goin' on through. Nobody have no time. Amy, Amy, Amy. A-M-Y, A-M-Y. Why she stop to think, who, what, why she, when, where, what. You don't know how, while the world gets on by. As it so-called spinnin' around the so-called sun. Spinnin' around in an outside space station.
