Starting more and more now, you'll realize that happiness and unhappiness are due to your own thoughts, the way you think about situations. You'll be able to shift your thoughts, the way you think about situations. You'll be able to shift your thoughts to the positive aspects, that you look at the positive aspects of living and joy every day. You will become more and more aware that if life's situations are not the way you always want them, you will work to change them without frustration, without anger, without being bothered. You will work to change things that are not the way you want them, but you will do it with a calm, calm, and peaceful mind, being at ease and at peace with the universe. You'll probably become more and more aware that everyone has problems in living, but you will also be aware that as you become more mature, that you can face problems with a calm mind and with strength and determination to work to improve them. When you cannot change things, you will accept them calmly. You'll be aware that anger and frustration do not help. You'll realize that life is too precious and too wonderful to waste it and being bothered over little things, little, little things, little annoyances. Starting today, you will work to change anything that isn't changeable, that you can change with peace of mind, that you can change without being bothered. Anything that you can change, anything that you are... Starting today, you will work to change anything that is changeable, that you can change with- without frustration, without frustration. Starting today, you will work to change anything that is changeable, as you can change without anger. You'll be less and less worried about the future problems of the future, dangers of the future, which never will occur anyway. Most of the things you worry about won't happen. You'll let the worries go, you'll enjoy the day, and you'll let go yourself go. Go enjoy the day. Let... As all the worries, let them drop out of your life. And each day as you wake up in the morning, and each day as you wake up in the morning, you'll have an inner feeling of excitement, a feeling of energy and of underlying, underlying joy, eager to get up from bed and to get going. You will feel wonderful. You will feel good. You will feel refreshed. You will feel awake, relaxed, with energy, an inner feeling of joy, wellbeing when you wake up in the morning and throughout the day. A vibrant day. You feel the joy of living. Throughout the day, you feel the joy, the joy of living. A vibrant energy, and as you wake up in the morning, it will be so good to begin to plan for the new day ahead. You love to begin the day by planning the new day ahead. You love jumping out of bed with excitement and an energy, enthusiasm, excited about the plan of the day and what plan may lay ahead. You will enjoy jumping out of bed filled with excitement, so excited for, for what the plan of the day may lay ahead. And you'll feel refreshed, strong, and healthy as you have kept silence, kept calmly onto the peace. Uh... Well
