Some people do even better when it's being recorded. Some people actually speak more freely when it's so real to them. When it's so real to me and you, when they became through and through, done and done with the old ways. I'm trying to grow and sprout like the blossoming of the jungle of the Amazon rainforest. Sparting out like marathon from the forest gum. Running through all this triathlete marathon and the bicyclists that I run with the quickest fibers, muscular fibers. Through and through without any fat parts of it. I'll get it down to the well-to-weight heart of it. Because I get no leftovers for no I keep lucky without the four-leaf clover. The rabbit's foot gets no credit either. Ain't no pretender. Ain't no poser. Ain't no faker. Ain't no predator. Ain't no baiter. Ain't no wack MC trying to be player. Not trying to be hater. In the middle of this playground that they call life that we make, that we create with our own hands and our own minds at the same time. It's the first time that we have this chance, this opportunity. What do we do with it at all? Yo, I'm going to look at the past and look at it and to determine my future. How to feel and the vibes of the people that surround me. My faith in Jesus Christ and the holiness and the sacrifice for his life. Yo, that I accept for my salvation, my personal salvation. May he work through me in a mental and a meaningful way throughout my actions and behaviors throughout my whole life. Not talking something once or twice, but be trying to be the bigger me. The bigger Sam, the bigger plan. Become a better man. Become a bigger who I am. All around from the beginning to the ending. It's the journey, the adventure that we facing. I'm trying to be the biggest spreading. Yo, everybody is contagious. Your attitude is contagious. Whether it's positive or angry, that's just contagious. Who's going to be the most infectious person? It's going to be that they're going to be spending the energy in that foreign seas and that foreign land coming with the foreign government. Yo, they saying the Russians hacked our equipment. I don't believe in that. All that snap. I don't have to swear and that. Because there's no need to be using that language like that. I don't need to talk like that. I don't need to swear nothing up and down and that. I can speak loud and clear and that. I don't need to be squirming and that. Because I can speak loud and clear. Speaking with player from a player hair. From a straight player beware. People ain't trying to hear it no man no hair. Don't come in nowhere. Don't know what let it all have. Come right on by. Say goodbye. Say hello. Hello my why. Why'd I even meet her? He meets her. The flat earth knights that meet her. Come sit down and come and eat her. Come and dare. Come and be here. Come and behold the hair. I had to hold the chair. Just so they could sit down and play the musical chair.