[FAILED CHUNK 0]

[FAILED CHUNK 1]

... which you are about to perform. This is something with which you are already familiar, but the second one, which is even more important, is something which you may not know about. This is the fact that if you realize in advance that things ordinarily make you think you have reached your limit, you will be able to keep on going beyond the point where you are a- beginning to experience them. Most people use discomfort and fatigue as signs that they should stop what they are doing. They fail to recognize that discomfort and fatigue are the first signs that they are approaching their maximum performance, and that they can be, in fact, keep on going far beyond that point. Most people generally assume that when they start feeling uncomfortable, that that feeling will get worse, but as a matter of fact, if you allow yourself to keep on going after you start to feel that discomfort, that the feeling will actually diminish. (paper rustles) Woo. I am taking it for granted that you are here because you really wanted to be here, and that you re- are really eager to explore all your possible potential and to do your utmost on these tasks. Driving from house to house, knocking on the doors, getting inside, looking over their issues, convincing them, filling out the application, submitting it, getting paid, s- following up and getting another one. In these cases, the thing that you must really keep in mind is the importance of noticing each sign of discomfort or fatigue and using it as a stimulus to keep on going. Up out of bed, getting dressed, taking a shower, getting dressed, shaved, getting your sales materials, printing out the schedule, getting in the car, bringing the sales materials, going to the house, knocking on, getting, waiting for them to answer, greeting them, getting inside, sitting down, pulling up, showing them what we have, seeing what they have, showing w- what we can do better for them, presenting, filling out the application, signing it, getting the voided check, sending it all in, completing it, responding to emails and making sure everything went through, cashing it, and paying off the debt, and buying, uh, Bitcoins, buying XRPs, investing, paying off all the bad cards, feeling good and feeling very empowered. Feeling very empowered and more in control that the outcome of this experiment cannot be successful unless you cooperate by giving us your absolute maximum performance, Sam. This is not going to be easy, for it is going to take every ounce of concentration, every ounce of effort and the willpower that you can muster. I want you to give it everything you've got, to feel the strain all through your body and to use that strain in every ef- in every effort of good advantage, using every resources from within you. Make this a total effort. As you run from day to day, from house to house, from day to day, from table to table, application to application, sale to sale, longer and longer period of time, you may experience certain symptoms. You may feel certain feelings of elation, of lightness, sensations of feeling rich, of gratitude, thankfulness, of greed, visualizations, buying cryptos, buying, putting money in life insurance, saving, paying off debts, paying off the car, paying off all the chase. You may experience breathlessness, a feeling of lightness in your legs. You may feel a sense of fatigue after you've been working for some time. As you start to experience any of these sensations, this will be a stimulus for you to work even harder. As a result of this, you will find that you were able to go on and on and actually work through the experience, that you've become less aware of what are those discomforts that you had experienced. You will feel now as though you could go on working and selling and knocking and knocking and filling out applications for longer and longer periods of times. Now, starting now, you will feel a greater desire to give, going to house, knocking the doors, getting inside, filling out applications, send- submitting them in perfectly. You have a greater desire to give this your total effort, to use every bit of your willpower to complete the application fully, properly, and completely the first time around. You will actually run through your most difficult period, and no matter how tired you become, you will make sure that you send in all the necessary paperwork to the companies when you get home from after work. You'll g- feel c- you need to drink water and you will drink water. You'll f- hydrate. As you concentrate on my voice, so all these things I'm telling you, you will act on when the time comes for you to perform thi- this task, exercise task, every day, every week, every month, every day. Since even the best players and best performers can occasionally encounter a losing streak, care should be taken to avoid suggesting specific targets which might lead to a loss of faith in the efficacy of a procedure. By the same token, athletes, performers, salespeople should not be encouraged by means of suggestion, should not be encouraged by means of suggestion to train or compete so strenuously that they run the risk of possible injury or diminishing their resources instead of continuing to improve now. However, suggestion may be employed to maximize the enjoyment of selling well, working well, working smart, and working studiously, fastidiously, exercising and working and selling while simultaneously earning several thousand dollars a day, decreasing the Wells Fargo's debt, thus providing the subject. As a result of what I'm about to tell you now, you will find that any negative aspects of selling, selling insurance, which might have troubled you in the past will now have greatly diminished in importance.As a result of what I'm about to tell you now, you will find that any negative aspects of selling insurance, which might have troubled you in the past, will have greatly diminished in importance, and as time goes on, their importance will continue to decrease. With each passing day, you will find yourself adopting much deeper and brighter outlooks in which the positive aspects of playing and selling and winning and the lure of success and earning and traveling and g- getting rich again, and having $460,000 in your hand again. And this ... And in this more positive frame of mind, you will come to experience wonderful new th- feelings of new strength and new energy as you find yourself looking forward eagerly to each new challenge, each new house, each new phone call that comes to your phone, each new email that comes to your email. Each new email, you're wanting more than ever to play and to play to win. Any psychological barriers or obstacles which might have been keeping you from performing, like joining the, uh, internet or participating online, all the any psychological barriers or obstacles that had kept you from posting onto YouTube have now been eliminated. You are able to look forward to each new game, secure in the knowledge of your own abilities and of the vast potential within you and further growth. Nothing is holding you back any longer. Every barrier, every obstacle has been removed. Sam, you are now completely free to develop all of the vast potential within you to its fullest extent, Sam. Sam, as you proceed, the successive winning will be experienced, Sam, as i- infinitely richer and more rewarding than it has ever been before. Sam, while... whereas the sting of any occasional setbacks you may still encounter will be so considerably diminished that you will scarcely even notice them. You will be able to accept any occasional reh- reh- reversal calmly and philosophically, as a small price which must be paid to experience the rich joys of playing and winning. And even an occasional losing streak will no longer be of any undue concern to you. Since playing itself has become so enjoyable, selling itself has become so enjoyable, that you are now able to derive satisfaction from any clients, from any phone call, from any email, regardless of any outcome. All these changes will naturally result in marked improvements in your training, your p- preparation, and in everything which con- contributes to your actual performance. You will make sure that you get all the rest that you require, and you will be able to sleep soundly and well. You will be able to do whatever else is necessary as part of your training and preparation. You will not waste time and energy worrying about your past or future performance. You will not waste time and energy worrying about your past or future performance. For each time that you sell and interact and present to a client or lead, you will feel yourself improving. Each time you take a client customer service call, each time you play, regardless of whether you win or lose in each house, you will take continuing pride and strategy and skill of presenting and coming in and out of the house, of attempting, going for the sale, going for the win, and y- and your timing and coordination. (sniffs) And each time you play, you will find that you are advancing closer and closer of becoming the champion player that you want to be. I'd like to tell you about a friend, friend of mine, who used to be in a

... outstanding runner. He was a sprinter who could run the hundred meters faster than any junior high or high school kid in his city, or several surrounding cities. He was so much faster than anyone at his age that he consistently ran away from his competition. The interesting about him is that he seemed to be running faster and faster as he approached the tape, and coaches often were heard to comment on how strong and fast he was at the end of the race. He dominated all the other junior high school track meets for... in which he was part- patient, and almost strong throughout his high school years. He did notice while in high school that, while he was consistently winning, the competition seemed to be getting better. He knew that he was running well, not if better... if not better than he'd ever run in his life. But for some reason unknown to him, others seemed to be getting faster. He began to realize that he often just barely beat his competitors as they got to the finish line. This young man was such a fine competitor that he was offered an athletic scholarship at a university for its strong track teams. (clears throat) He continued to compete well, but for the first time in his life, he began to be aware that there were others who were not only very fast, but probably had a good chance of beating him. As hard as he would run, the competition seemed th- to edge even closer, making each race one that he could barely win. The time came...