Sir, last night it was good. 20 minutes. Okay. Jim, with insurance, it's like, it's just like in a movie or that you're the, you're the chief detective. You're the star detective. You're the detective that the show centers around. Now, even though you're the good guy, and even though you bring them to justice and get the job done, and get them their money back, and throw the bad papers out the door and into the trash, sometimes upfront, people are a little bit scared by you, because you're a detective, and they know you're a detective, and they right off, they want, they want you to know they didn't done it. So they'll say things like, "Oh, we got everything covered," thinking you, this is your first day around the block. It's like there ain't no dead body in their backyard. "Oh, we got everything covered. Oh, yeah, yeah." "Oh, what you got it covered with?" "Oh, we got it covered with, um, JCPenney, a million dollars. It's, uh, $1 a month." "Oh, great, man. Is there anything else coverage you have?" So the, the, given that you're the good guy, it's seen by the good people. It's by the good people. They're good people, but they can see the detective, or they can be intimidated at first by the detective. Um, although you're... You know, you're a horse tamer, and you've always been an animal tamer, and you know it. So whether you're pretending it's Southern charm or you're, you're Native Indian or any, it don't matter, because you know how to, you know how to tame the animal, and you know how to, you know how to... I don't even know if I have the word. You have a magic flute that only they can hear if you choose to play it silently, Jim. I'm listening. Yeah. You know what I'm talking about. Yep. Uh, had we been a little bit better prepared, we would have had all four of those Nationwides plugged in, and, and that would be a monster swing by, because that's just one house. We'd have been, damn, maybe had four more IUL Nationwides if, if we had been more prepared. But no, I understand, man. Like this morning, of course you got... Yeah. We're, we're, we're, we're not like J- uh, Amy and Josie. We don't have to be there at exactly this time or, you know. We, we, we, we, we should try to stick pretty damn well to our words, but yes, we have flexibility, and it's, and critical to let each other know sooner than later if there's a change in schedule. But yeah, of course we can be flexible. You have to do your thing and do your thing. No problem. No, not even a reason needed. You don't even have to explain it too much. Like fuck it, I don't even, you know. Uh, you wanna hang out with Josie, go to insurance, and, and it makes sense. This all makes sense. It's, it's been an intense week. It's been a good week, but still been, uh, intense. Okay, so, okay. Uh, now I'm gonna look at my phone. I'm gonna turn this off
