Go and sell your ass off. Get your ass off the couch and sell your ass off. Go sell your ass off! People are buying everything out here. It's time to hit the streets, hit the streets, hit the streets. Let's go. It's time to hit the streets. (laughs) Go sell your ass off. (laughs) People are crazy, man. (laughs) Keep up the great work. Improve little by little every day. Improve little by little every day. I know you want to do it all now. I know you want to do it all now. I love you and I'm patient. I have patience. Comfortable driving around in the city. Comfortable driving around over bridges. Comfortable driving around on big roads with fast cars. Introducing yourself to all the pretty girls all the time. Striking up, making 'em laugh. Seeing how much you can make 'em laugh. You're always getting better. You're always improving. (laughs) I love it, dude. I love it. I love- I love it, man. I love it, dude! I fucking love it, dude! More than enough money. You have more and more money. You make and earn more money. More and more money comes to you. More and more money comes to you. You make wise decisions with your time, energy, and money. You make wise decisions with your time. You make wise decisions with your money. You make wise decisions about your energies. You make wise decisions about the people you spend time with and the people you are associated with. You make... You're very wise about who you spend your time with. You're very wise about who you allow into your life. You're very wise about surrounding yourself with new, long-term, fresh people that make you feel good and encourage you to be your best at all times, even if your best isn't what y- your best was yesterday, because your best is always changing. Your best is always changing as you're always becoming a little bit better now than you were before back then. You're always getting just a little bit better than you were just a moment ago. And as you become more and more moments go by, you're becoming just a little bit more better than you were just a moment ago. Always improving, always improving. Always smiling and feeling good about yourself for helping, re- really helping these people that need help. And if you don't help 'em, who do you think the heck would? They are counting on you. People are counting on you. Sometimes they just need to hear that everything is okay. A lot of times, Sam, they just need a good laugh and to know that everything's gonna be okay. Women worry a lot. Women do, and you're a man. There's no need for you to worry like a woman. You're strong, passionate, wise, caring, understanding, and courageous. Sam, you're a c- courageous guy. You're a cr- huge character of courage. You're a giant lion of courage. Roaring in the jungle. Ready to stand on stage. Talking on stage with the microphone in your hand. Letting them know how it is. Really. You really are. Okay.