[FAILED CHUNK 0]

... ded in this white light, flooded in the white light, flooded in the white light. Please nod your head and let me know. Please nod your head and let me know. Now, this white light also working as a scanner of your body. Look inside you to check which parts you have stored to guilt. The guilt might have a shape too, maybe look like an object. Look at its color, shape, and size. Now imagine all this guilt being sucked into that vacuum cleaner. Release all that guilt into the universal vacuum cleaner. (vacuum cleaner) Hear the buzzing sound. Imagine a white ray of light from the universe above falling on your head and covering your entire body. This light works like a vacuum cleaner, works like a vacuum cleaner. This light works like a vacuum cleaner. And when you imagine yourself flooded in this white light, please nod your head and let me know. That's right. Now imagine this white light also working as a body scanner of your body, this white light also working as a body scanner of your body. Look inside you, look inside you, look inside you, look inside you to check which parts you have stored to guilt. Look inside you to tcheck whi- to check which parts you have stored to guilt. The guilt might be a- might have a shape too, maybe look like an object. It could look like any object. Look at its color. Look at its shape and size. Now imagine all this, imagine all this guilt being (vacuum cleaner) sucked into the vacuum cleaner. Release all that guilt, release all that guilt into the universal vacuum cleaner. Universal vacuum cleaner. You can hear the buzzing sound of the vacuum cleaner doing its work. Feel all those objects moving up through your head and floating down. Feel all those objects moving up through your head and floating down, doing its work. You hear the buzzing sound as the vacuum cleaner is doing its work. Feel all those objects moving up through your head and floating in the white light, going higher up, (vacuum cleaner) higher up. And then disappear, never to return again. As the guilt is leaving you, you feel lighter (vacuum cleaner) and lighter. As the guilt is leaving you, you feel lighter and lighter and lighter. As the guilt is leaving you, you feel lighter and lighter. Take your time and scan your body thoroughly. Release every single bit of guilt to the white light and let me know. When you feel all the guilt being released, please d- nod your head to me and let me know. Thank you. I want you to know and I want you to now to go to any happy memory in your life. I want you to now go to any happy memory you choose in your life, a memory which fills you with joy and happiness, a memory of peace and contentment, a memory of love and acceptance. And when you remember that memory, nod your head and let me know. I want you now to take a deep breath and spread the joy and happiness into s- the space which was created as a result of the release of guilt. I want you to take a deep breath (breathing) and spread the joy and happiness into the space (laughs) which was created as a result of the release of guilt. (laughs) Fill up the empty space now. (laughs) Fill up the empty space now (laughs) with this pleasant and beautiful memory.Remember, remember the feeling of peace and joy, (laughs) laughter and bliss, laughter and bliss. Now I want you to make a promise. Now make a promise to accept yourself unconditionally and without judgment. Now make a promise to accept yourself unconditionally and without judgment. I want you to make a firm commitment now, and I want you to promise me something. I want you to promise me something. I want you to promise to accept yourself unconditionally, and to love yourself unconditionally and without judgment. Forgive yourself for any wrong decisions or choices that you may have made in the past. You can forgive yourself for any wrong decisions or choices that you may have made in the past. Also forgive those who may have contributed, who contributed toward your wrong decisions or choices. You find it easy to do it right now, at this moment, at this moment doing it now. You believe in your ability to act in your best interest, and to that of your near and dear ones. From now on, your fu- you feel confident in making decisions and choices according to your highest good. See yourself as confident, happy, and lovable person. Feel it right now. Keep going with each day. Keep going deeper with each and every breath you take, becoming more and more relaxed. In a few minutes I'm going to count from one to five. At five ... From this moment forward, I find it to be fun and energizing to clean my home. I love to clean my home. I love to clean my home. I love it. I love to clean, I love to clean. I love to clean. It is easy for me to keep a well-organized, clean space. It is easy for me to keep a well-organized, clean space. I enjoy the fresh, fresh, fresh, healthy smell (inhales deeply) of green vegetables, the green soaps that I, the organic soaps that I use to clean my home. Of course, from time to time, I find that I have all the time I need to do a good job, and the process takes a shorter time than before. I clean faster and better, and I clean faster and better and enjoy every moment. It is fun to come home to an orderly house. It is fun to come home to an orderly house. My friends remark on the beauty and orderliness. I feel relaxed. My friends remark on the beauty and ordi- orderliness. I feel relaxed in my space that is free of unnecessary items. I quickly find things, as my files are well organized, and everything has its logical place. Everything has its logical place. It is easy for me to find another home for things I no longer need, or to recycle them. I feel good that I can help others and the Earth in this way. I now love to come home. I now love to come home. It's relaxing, relaxing and healthy. I love to come home into my relaxing, healthy, beautiful place to reside. I am very proud of my organizational abilities. I, did I say that I am very proud of my organiz-

[FAILED CHUNK 2]

... the ear and check for any and all problems. The healing energy will correct any you find. Take the healing energy inside the ear, inside the ear, and allow it to check the middle of the ear and the inner ear for any problem. Any problem will be corrected. Feel the warmth of the healing energy as it traces sound and pulses into the center of the brain and checks for any block or interruptions. Any problems found will be cleared. Any time you feel, any time you feel your hearing is not 100%, (exhales) take a deep breath (inhales) and any blockage will melt away. Hearing is important to you. Hearing is a priority. When you, when you need to hear, it is easy for you to hear. Remove any thoughts that might interfere with perfect hearing. See yourself in a situation where you previously had problems hearing. That was the past. Now see yourself in the same situation without issue. It is now and will always be easier for you to hear, to hear. You are completely, totally, all the time self-confident in every area of your life, your health life, you're confident in your relationships life, you're confident in your family life, you're confident in your business and work life, you're confident in your finances and in f- finances life, you're con- you're confident in your romantic life. You're confident in your physically fit life, your life body. You're confident in your traveling and social life. You're confident in your relationship and you're confident in your spirituality life. And you're confident in your life with Jesus Christ and the Holy Spirit. You're confident in your life with the Holy Spirit and with Jesus Christ, the Father. Amen. You are totally self-confident in every area of your life. Other people will not bother you with their possessions or their remarks or their achievements. You are a valuable contribution. No one can offer what you have to offer except you. Caring, caring. Caring is what you are, not what you say or do. When you find yourself in a situation where you feel jealousy, you will now easily release the negativity in your heart, your mind, your emotions with a simple deep breath and replace that discomfort with divine care. Feel this caring sensation coming from you, within encircling you, from comfort and relaxation, comfort and relaxation, filling your entire being, every cell and every fiber of your body. Feeling, feel this caring sensation. (microwave beeping) This feeling is complete trust and fulfillment. From now on, you will be more relaxed and focused on what you are reading and what you listen to. You will start to enjoy yourself while during class or even doing your homework. You feel a state of calm, thinking only in a positive way to improve. You're getting better every single day learning this language. You're getting better every single day learning this language and speaking it too. Now you're using 101% of your unlimited potential to learn, to learn and to grow at the same time. Now you're getting familiar with this language, you feel it, you like it, you enjoy it, you think it, you speak it, you hear it. Now you're getting pretty good. You're not afraid to speak it anymore. So you're knowing that you're doing pretty well at this language. Without a doubt, you're doing your best because you want to do your best. You're a born genius, and so you'll keep doing awesome. You desire to live a long, positive, healthy, happy life.And your mind will direct your activities and thought patterns so that you will realize this goal of living a long, positive, healthy, and happy life. You are committing to yourself to think and act accordingly to a lifestyle that will produce the positive, healthy thoughts needed to accomplish your goal. You know that your body will respond by being healthy and in balance. A healthy thinking mind creates a healthy thinking body. You are. You are. You are what you think. You are now commanding your mind to always direct you, to lead your life in such a manner as to promote a long, positive, healthy, and happy life. And you will listen to and follow the beneficial dictates of your mind, which will allow you to find the right paths to live a long, long, healthy, and wonderful life. Now that you're fully relaxed, I want you to now visualize yourself looking great and having a relaxed, calm feeling. Now imagine that you are looking at your hands and seeing your nails are all grown out. See how good they look. You no longer bite your nails. If you start to bite your nails because you used to do that, your hands will become visible to you and you'll, and it will remind you that you no longer do that. As your nails begin to grow and become healthier and healthier, you will feel better and better about yourself. Biting your nails is a nervous habit, and any time that you feel yourself becoming nervous for any reason, you no longer will bite your nails as a way to release stress. You will instead take a deep breath and exhale. As you feel the air leave your body, all of your nervous energy will just go away. Imagine-

...gine seeing yourself in a situation where you might have bitten your nails in the past. Visualizing yourself taking a deep breath. (deep breathing) And handling the situation very, very easily. You will not feel any need to bite your nails. (smacking lips) I want you to close your eyes and breathe deeply. Become aware of your breathing, slow and regular. (sniffs) One, you're feeling relaxed. Good. You're feeling relaxed through your body, a deep feeling of comfort and confidence is coming over you, making you feel strong and unafraid. Now, I want you to use your imagination as you imagine yourself strong and unafraid and confident. Imagine yourself at work. You are in the customer's house, at their table, smiling. See yourself smiling and unafraid. See yourself sitting at their kitchen table, smiling at them and unafraid. People are passing you. Some of you, look, some of them look at you and some of them don't look at you. You are very relaxed, very relaxed and confident and unafraid. (beeping) Your confidence, your confidence makes you tall. Your confidence makes you tall. Imagine yourself growing taller as your feelings of confidence increases. You're growing tall and strong, tall and strong. You are growing tall and strong. (breathing) Every time you want to feel strong and tall and unafraid, you will touch your right elbow with your left hand, just as I am doing now. Yes, very ... Every time you want to feel strong and tall and unafraid, you will touch your right elbow with your left hand, just as I'm doing to you right now. And instantly, a surge of confidence and a feeling of tall and strong, ah, runs through every part of your body, just as you are feeling it right now. Ah. Now, I want you to imagine a pain-in-the-ass customer is calling you on the phone. Phone, phone number is calling in and you don't know who it is. Text message comes through. You don't know who they are. Imagine these situations coming towards you now. Now, put your left hand on your right shoulder, just as I did. That's right, just as I did. Yes, yes, yes. Hold your right elbow with your left hand, and every time you touch your right elbow with your left hand, you'll feel a surge of confidence enter, making you feel strong and confident and unafraid. You are tall and strong. You see your supervisor and you are taller than he is. (laughs) Oh, man. You see how small he is? The fear and anxiety that you used to have whenever you saw him will disappear. Now, you feel relaxed. All tension in your jaw and muscles will disappear. All tension in your jaw and muscles will disappear. You will speak with confidence about your work. Now, you see your supervisor walking back to his office and you see that he is satisfied and pleased with the work that you were doing, very pleased with the numbers you were doing. Very good numbers. That's right. Imagine yourself standing in front of a river, looking into the water, following the flow of the water with your eyes. (inhales) (exhales)You can start focusing on the area where the pain is. Imagine small, hot sand crystals being attached to the area where the pain is. Now I want you to picture yourself aiming a powerful leaf blower against the area where the pain is. Now turn on the leaf blower and feel how the sand crystals are beginning to move, one by one, flying out of the area into the river, one by one. As the sand crystals are flying away from the area of pain, the pain is starting to dissipate and the area is starting to feel colder. You are watching, you are watching the sand crystals flowing fr- along the river, moving further and further away from you. Making the pain less and less. You are feeling stronger, more comfortable. You are feeling stronger and more comfortable. More comfortable. Healing. Healing. Healing. And feeling better and better, and feeling better and better. As you are watching the last sand crystal leave your body, you realize that the river is yours. You c- you control it. Every time you stand in front of it, it will always make you feel better. Feel how deep in relaxation you are. You are safe, you are safe, you are safe. You are where you're supposed to be right now. Use your imagination now and picture an ideal place, any place that brings you comfort. You are now making a commitment to yourself to start physical exercising. You will begin making time to physically exercise and sticking with it. You will have the desire to physically exercise. You will enjoy each day to physically exercise, and you will exercise your body vigorously. You will see yourself progressing and getting stronger, and when you have done this, you will simply f- you will feel simply great. You are now making a commitment to yourself to start physical exercising. You will begin making time to physically exercise and sticking with it. You will have the desire to ex- physically exercise. You will enjoy each day to physically exercise, and you will exercise your body vigorously. You will see yourself progressing and getting stronger, and when you have done this, you will simply feel great. Say to yourself, even without belief or full comprehension at first, "I feel happy, I feel healthy, I feel great, great, great, great, great." "I feel, feel happy, I feel healthy, I feel great, great, great, great, great, great." "I feel healthy, I feel happy, I feel great, great, great, great, great, great." "I feel happy, I feel healthy, I feel great, great, great, great, great, great." "I feel happy, I feel healthy, I f- "

... great, great, great, great, great, great. I feel happy. I feel healthy. I feel great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great. Say this over and over to yourself in your mind at first, and eventually verbalize it until it makes sense to you and you start to really believe it. These positive affirmations will serve to wash out that other bomboclat bullshit thoughts. This may seem too simple to work or do any good, but what you are doing here is replacing negative thoughts with positive ones. It might seem t- too simple what we're doing, but what you are doing here is replacing negative thoughts with positive ones. You're setting your mind in a positive direction. You see? You're setting your mind in a different, positive direction so you can enjoy the benefits... Enjoy the benefits when it comes to solving a problem or making a decision. Remember to look at the positive side of things. There is usually a positive side to anything if you search for it. You always have two choices: to, to think positively or negatively. By thinking and speaking with conviction, "I feel happy, I feel healthy, I feel great," you are putting your mind into motion to accept what you are saying is true just as easily. I feel happy, I feel healthy, I feel great. I feel happy, I feel healthy, I feel great. I feel healthy, I feel happy, I feel great. I feel happy, I feel healthy, I feel great. From this day forward and for the rest of your life, you will stand tall and confident, your head held high. Your head held high, you will be standing tall. From this day forward and for the rest of your life, you will stand tall and confident. From this day forward and for the rest of your life, you will stand tall and confident. (laughs) Your head held high and you will be standing tall. (laughs) Oh boy. Your shoulders will be squared off, chest out. You will stand tall. You will stand with a new sense of confidence. You will stand with a new sense of confidence. Your ears over your shoulders, shoulders over your hips, your hips over your ankles. Stand tall and confident. When you walk, you will walk tall. Tall, with a sense of purpose. When you walk, you will walk tall. Tall and with a sense of purpose. When you walk, you will walk tall. Tall, tall, and with a sense of purpose. (laughs) You will walk tall, tall with a sense of purpose. You will walk with your head erect, chest out. You will walk with your head erect, chest out, taking long, deliberate strides. You will walk with your head erect, chest out, taking long, deliberate strides. You will walk tall and straight. You, your ears over your shoulders, your shoulders over your hips, taking long, purposeful strides. Lord, Father, I pray e- for r- prosperity, permit me to receive it from you, and your will may it be, uh, always done and said, and may it always be a blessing to you fr- m- from me, or fr- from the receiver to all the people that we interact with. Using the power of your minds, imagine that you easily, easily, easily, easily, and effortlessly tune into God's law. And tune into the correct frequency for all that is good for your wellbeing to flow to you with ease and grace. Imagine that you attract right relationships with others, where from this moment forth, those with whom you inter- interact treat you with respect and kindness. Your relationships are fulfilling, joyous, and peaceful. You feel alive and well, free to be yourself and accepted by all. It is fun to interact with others. You also find that whatever serves your highest good is brought to you in a creative, fun, easily obtainable ways. With great joy and gratitude, you accept your good and have more than enough to share with others. Many opportunities are opening for you, and you should feel ready to partake of this bounty. Partake of your bounty, partake of this b- your creativity is expanding, man. You find that financial prosperity is now yours. Now pros- pri- financial prosperity is yours. You have $575,000 cash just laying around there. You got way more and more. And it's fun to watch your bank account grow. I love it. Remember, you used to have, have $5,000 and-$20- $15,000, then $25,000, then $50,000 then $150,000, then $300,000. It continues to grow, f- $355,000, $379,000. As you have fun doing what you love, sharing with others and taking all the time you need for relaxation and fun, you have a perfect balance in your life and all areas u- in your life are prosperous. (pen writing) You're an impressively strong person with an unwavering view of yourself. You are a confident and energetic person regardless of the circumstances. You are proud of who you are and people love you for sharing yourself with the world. Others admire you for your strong sense of self. You are as solidly rooted as a giant ancient oak tree. Never will you fall or sway. You are resilient. You do not know what the future holds, but you are certain to be prepared and persevere through anything. Being a survivor is natural to you. Being a survivor is natural to you. Being a survivor is natural to you. Others marvel at your calmness, regardless of the situation. You thrive and thrive on in uncertainty of the funiture- fut- future. The more uncertain the future, the more confident and strong you feel. You are resilient. You are resilient. You are resilient. Your attitude is always optimistic. You believe that only won- you believe that only positive things happen to you and that everything happens for a reason. You know that you are a piece that fits in a wonderful puzzle and that you are happy to be, uh, happy to be a part of it. You know that the future is full of so many exciting and amazing moments just waiting to see happen. You're hopeful. Your hopefulness fills r- with every room it enters and makes m- uh... You're resilient. (pen writing) When you are in this relaxed state you will hear, you will hear many healing messages. You only need to hear them once to make them part of your permanent perceptions about who you are and what you can do. Your subconscious mind is extremely receptive to positive thoughts. You only need to hear them once because you already know they are true and you knew it all along. It makes you smile in recognitional certainty. "Ah," is what the voice says to me, and I know it's the voice of ultimate wisdom. There's a wise part of you that welcomes positive thought like you welcome a loved home. It is your nature to allow these messages to penetrate your subconscious mind and settle in where they were- where they belong and where they stay, where they can take hold and guide you through the action here on in. Remember, you remember, you are opened, you are easily and firmly convinced. You have only to hear-

To hear it once and to hear it again is like a familiar caress. See the words burned brightly in the consciousness... (pause) permanently etched in the body of wisdom. You believe and act on what you hear. You retain what you hear. It is easily recalled. You carry it into every, your everyday world, but you need to only hear it once, and it stays or convinces forever. (pause)