One at a time, one at a time. Under the bandit, under the bass, off a contest. You can see the red robin walking on in when the Robin Hood way shooting on in from the very back of the vest. Running with the wild wild wild west. Here we here we go with the wild wild west. Have to go and see with the wild... When the red just call him dancing with wolves. The tonka's in the back running with the bulls. Have the bulls out at the scoring fool. Effortlessly have to go and get the new helpful. It's a journey, have to get the best. No time to sit around and worry about the fucking test. On the 19th of the day, I'm the dream to the Philippines back in the Smithereens. When she was only 19. How nowadays on the birthdays in jeans. Told her to stop that. No reason to have to have intense problems. But to an expense that condensed that against. No reason that way I could even try to convince. So she went out on her own on a crazy. Came back with an empty canteen and she flipped it. Had to hold on suspense. Tried to get a self-defense attorney. Subs gave me suspense. Yo, running out of the time. We had to commercialize off the whole situation applicable to an unprofitable. Yo, interminable. Yo, habituated, instrumenting, instrumenting. You have to get this new duckweed pissed off at the pissweed. We have to go and get the new MCs. Who be ranking too much. Who be bitching, botching, mashing, all the talking to dog mutts. Yo, retiring up in the north room. Bugging, bug naked in the mountaineering. Rehearing and rehearsing, bearding, reversing. Appealing to the inner breeding. Then people be doing when they proceeding to do all the wack things that they may have done when they were investing in just for fun. But guess when the housekeeper was there. Be keeping when the gatekeeper play there. Nah, he was wearing nothing. Wasn't screaming nothing. Talking all the shit. Here he was weeping, seeping. Yo, he was not sweeping. He was sweeping in the back room with the broom. He had the dick up in his ass. Talk, tuping too much, talking a plat. Running the mac, running the sad face. Duckweed pissed off back in the forest. No reason to joke with us down on a highlight. Yo, make the daylight that the daylight out bright. Making your fucking headlight, headlight. Retire back to the jokes in the birthstone. The man fire man, equipment man, a big man, a big stone. Hail man, fire man, a blown man. Yo, pick it up from the top of the tent. He be going in rosin. Go source round wildly wonderfulness to cry the place to be. No reason to rhymes in the place to see. Coincidence to the school with the real one. They was a real one. They was a real, real, real, real. When I was in the, in the, in the new field. When we was out to get the peel. When the place was for real. Had to get it, get one. Get out the fly sun. No out the wild one. Uh. Nobody knew what it was meant to be. Have to be an MC. Mountaineering from hearing to seeing new too much. Big up a task. Big up a clock. Big up a mess. Big up a top-notch dog from a dillwater. Holla, holla, hill figure. Uh. No matter walla, walla, will bigger. Yeah. Uh.
