... Almighty living God, God. We live to serve the almighty God. It says in Revelation that the Messiah's tongue would be turned to a sword, meaning the word. Yo, the word and the sword are the one word in reverse in English language. Main plan, many generations ago, plantations ago, rationalizations many temperates ago. They now got, got these climate change agenda. They trying to twist us and move us up to cattle region. Yo, abundance of different cognitive dissonance. People looks confused. People don't know what to do or where to turn or where to believe. Yo, give us Jesus back. Give us Jesus back. Yo, give me Jesus back. Give us Jesus back. You tried to rob him from us, COVID. Yo, COVIDical diabolic scheme. Trying to shut down the churches over some flu town shit. Give me my Jesus. Give me my Jesus. Give me my Jesus back. Give me my Jesus. Can I get my, my, my Jesus right back? Give me my, my Jesus. Give me my, my, my Jesus right back. Ain't done yet. Get locked out of the church. I don't care about no flu bullshit right now. I love my Lord. You can't have him like that. You can't sh- leave the alcohol shops open, leaving car scenes, explosions, leaving people exposed to violence. Yo, give us, give us opportunity and freedom of, uh, ??? Actually, let's just talk to the Lord, you know? I'm just gonna go talk to Lord on my own. Yo, it's just a shame what we had seen. Yo, actions, yo, seeds, and ... Yo, of Cain. We're different, different lines and lineages in the Ten- Old Testament. Go back into Genesis and see that the, the two lines and lineages are not the same. They're different bloodlines in a game, in the game of good and evil, in a game of the saved, in the game of the Lord's perfect design, in the game with the whack one that intercepted and tried to move up and change the DNA in the game. Where in Genesis, it got so bad because there was only evil on men's hearts right then because the DNA had changed. Yo, th- and the seeds of the whack one had multiplied, just whacking up the Earth had left. Yo, the Lord, that's why He flooded the Earth out is 'cause there was ... It wasn't human anymore. It wasn't of Adam's blood. DNA was gonna get macked up and jacked up. Telling you now. It's how I see that, uh, I can s- I can quote in the scripture. After I go through this, I might get a picture of which passages I need to quote from and go through. I know that I can ??? I want to learn how to rap with the scriptures, dude. People love the Lord. People love the Lord. People, give our love to the Lord. Give our love to the Lord. Hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah. Hallelujah, hallelujah, how you doing? Hallelujah, hallelujah, how you doing? Hallelujah, hallelujah, how you doing? Hallelujah, hallelujah, how you doing? Hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah, how you doing? Hallelujah, hallelujah, how you doing? Hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah, how you doing? Hallelujah, hallelujah, how you doing? Hallelujah, hallelujah, how you doing? Hallelujah, hallelujah, how you doing? I should know the Lord, that's why he flooded the Earth out, is 'cause there was ... It wasn't human anymore. It wasn't of Adam's blood. DNA was gonna get macked up and jacked up. Telling you now. It's how I see that, uh. I can s- I can quote in the scripture. After I go through this, I might get a picture of which passages I need to quote from and go through. I know that I can ??? I want to learn how to rap with the scriptures, dude. People love the Lord. People love the Lord. People, give our love to the Lord. Give our love to the Lord. Hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah, how you doing? Hallelujah, hallelujah, how you doing? Hallelujah, hallelujah, how you doing? Hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah, how you doing? Hallelujah, hallelujah, how you doing? Hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah, how you doing? Hallelujah, hallelujah, how you doing? Hallelujah, hallelujah, how you do ya. Stay in a state, stay in a peaceful state when so much circumstances seems to necessitate cause for pain and suffering that will not abate, cease, or abate by the presence of the Holy Spirit, by the presence of the living God that's living throughout your life, by the power of the presence of the Holy One living in, within your breath, living in your life, living in through your veins, living in through your hands, living in plain sight. Lived in sight. You are living proof that there is a living God. Your, your actions, your behaviors, your fruits, the way your fruits have, have appeared here on Earth. When you was a g- just young man, you had a strong connection. As a young girl, you have a strong connection with the Lord, the living God of the Most High, High, of the Most High, High. Don't idolize the false ones. Man, many on the plantation have just begun. We got the idols on YouTube. We got them idols on the television, idols on the Instagram, idols on the money cam, idols on another Sundance Festival. Their music turned out to be just whack. Good. Man, I'm sorry. All right, Sam, you need to get, uh, beats, man. I know, I'm s- trying. I'm trying. You guys, thanks and praise to the Lord. You know, looking for these, may the Lord help me find a beat. May the Lord guide these beats. May the Lord send us the beats that, that will release the messages even more relaxed, more, more enjoyable, more-I'm seeing some ones here, I just don't know... I don't know what they sound like. I will just, obviously, do but I guess I'll just click on... I've been, you've been in my life from before the beginning. You knew me before there was ever every hair on my head. Before you knew me, before the foundations of the Earth, Lord. Lord, you knew me before the foundations of the Earth. How could I offend thee, Lord? Lord, you're, you know me. I love you. I love you. Sorry, I'm sorry. Yo, people is tardy, tardy, tardy. Lord, how come people tardy, tardy for class? Isn't there no coming back? I know, Lord, there is pardon for the coming back from treacherous witchcraft and treacherous whack, going down the wrong path. Lord, forgive us our trespasses. Lord, forgive us our trespasses, even the trespasses that I didn't forgive myself of. Lord, unforgivingly, Lord, Li- Lord, please, unconditionally forgive me of all my trespasses as I forgive and don't forgive others to trespass, Lord. Lord, make an exception for us, Lord. Bless us. Touch us with wisdom, love, and forgiveness. It's so hard to have love in our hearts unless you live, make a home within us. Lord, the devil surrounds us in the world, uh, the world of devils. It's everywhere, Lord. You know we are in dark places, Lord. Lord, yours, your ride comforts me. Lord, you lead us, you lead me and us to green pastures, Lord. Yes, Lord. Even though the wicked things may be about, Lord, Lord, you, you, you, I dwell in the comfort of your presence. And I will not bow down to the world of con- to the world of convenience. I won't bow down to the whack satanic, whack world. The whack, he fucking bomboclaat. I don't need to go in to, uh, don't wanna talk about too much. It's, yo, uh, I guess we got any... All the other, you know, the pe- just for people to think, you know, they say that the, the word, uh, I'm mumbled and stumbled. Let me breathe in. Yo, what I'm trying to say is I caved in on saying that the biggest trick the devil had ever done played was making people thinks, think that he did not exist because he got played out as Freddy Krueger. They played him out as Michael Myers. They played the devil out as, yo, Chucky, the doll. They played it out so much that nobody cares at all. The people they, you got hy- they hypnotized people to not believe at all, but that's the worst thing when an enemy be out. It's the worst thing to let your guard down in a vulnerable state, at a vulnerable time, without any help. You best to get the Lord Almighty on your side and stay there and be there. And, and actually you stay on his side. But first, you got to get on hi- you got to come to know him and love him, and let him run with you. Spiritual stubbornness can temporarily blind a man out of his will. Uh, here we go. Here I go. Should I take this job? Here I go. Here I go. Will I take this job? We can be so stubborn even when discerning God's will. When I make even a big life-changing decision, I will think of myself. Should I leave this job? Should I date this person? Should I take on this project? Should I inject this vaccination into an arm, into a leg, into a head, into a what? Oh, man. Gotta find the beats. I don't know what any of these are. I mean, I never do, but I mean the photos. You know what? I'm, I'm not trying to play it again. I just... Just bear with me, guys. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Very sorry. Very sorry that I'm having to go look for a beat. Just chill for a minute and I won't concede. I won't stop. I won't back down. I won't go out easy now. I won't stop. I won't back down. I'm not hiding out at an airport or an airplane craft, or a spacecraft mission, not an overseen spy man, spy man, and then 007. I'm chilling with spy man and his 007. I'm running with diamond and his 007. We running with diamond and 007. I'm with it. I don't drink. I don't get it, but believe me, I don't get it. I don't drink. If I'm drinking, it's Dos Equis, I meant it. I don't drink every day, but if I do, we know I'm drinking Dos Equis. That's the double X dude. The dude from Mexico. The dude you wanna know. The dude that's so nasty, he's heard be a GoPro filming him when he's brushing his teeth. He's so interesting. He's the most interesting man on the planet. He wishes, he wants it, they have it, they own it, they sold it, they bought it, they chopped it, they knocked it, they knocked it down and mixed it up, and mixed it out, and boiled it down, and plopped it up, and chopped it down, and mixed it up, and sold it now, sold and worked it up, mixed it out, sold and worked it up, mixed it out. They sold it to the crowds and to the crowds. Done buying up, done buying up more. Buying up, buying up, buying up more. Buying up, buying up, buying up more. Buying up, buying up, buying up more. That's why people don't go no show. People don't go to no shows anymore. People only stay inside and buy even more shit from a Amazon and from another place. Frick MySpace, they own a space race. Get on a case on your environment. What I mean is don't get bent. Yo.Fix your credit on Experian. Yo, fix your credit, TransUnion. Fix your credit, uh, Equifax. Yo, fix your credit, TransUnion. Yo, fix your credit, Experian. Yo, fix your credit, Credit Union. Fix your credit, fix your credit. Delete your inquiries right about now. Gonna delete your inquiries. So anyhow, yo, remove any delinquencies. Make sure everything's set up on automatic ACH so you'll never have any 30-day lay payments. Don't ever let a 30-day payment goodbye. You need to catch it like a fucking blood clot, flu, disease. You know, don't let it ac- What the hell? Yo, my phone tripped out when I said COVID flu disease. This, the phone started interrupting and was like, scanning me. Yo, my phone better stand back the fuck up off of me. Next time my phone tries to turn into the T-1000 it will see who the real man and who the liquid is. I will have to drop it inside of burning lava or water, whatever it is. If the phone try, try to get me, it's been known... Oh, I've gone and destroyed iPads, 13 and 15 inches, from the top of my house in Wilmington on the third from fourth floor. Threw it off in the parking lot and smashed it into a million pieces. Dropped it in millions of waters and gallons of bleach on it, hit it with an egg, hit it with a brick, smash it in half. Yo, I dominated and smashed and destroyed that iPad, and iPod, and iPad. I'm gonna tell, upload that video and put it in the background of every iPhone that I have and every Macintosh that I have. If there's any artificial intelligence they will always see me smashing it up, mashing it up, macking it down, holding it macked. They can't stop me now. The artificial intelligence already knows the fucking place it bow now. We're about to be the Lord cre- oh, steppe. Oh, uh, wh- what? Yo, don't even try to stop the raps, you know better than that. The Lord created the human being. The Lord didn't create the computer, the Lord created the human being. The Lord didn't create the computers, the Lord created human being. The Lord created us, didn't create you. And, if you're Siri computer with fake shit, try to censor me, don't mess with me. Yo, essentially there better be two classes if they make robotic energy that walk around and talk some sounds that might sound like English that you know and me understand now. But they try to flip the script and they want hemo- human role, human responsibilities, human rights. Nah, we'd think robotics kick it, no human rights 'cause they're not us. They're not, they're not human beings. They're trying to flip the script on he and she and transgender primarily to be able to use the pronouns and give the robots free rights and human rights. They're flipping transgenders languages to pave the road for T-1000s to get human rights. Watch it. I don't want it to be, hopefully it don't be. Let's all pray that it will not and will be, uh, never protected from occurring and people will wake up and do something that's put an end to this ridiculous and awful technocracy. Okay, uh, Sam, you need to find some beats, dude. I'm... Stop that. Makaveli and this. Illuminati. All through your body. Blows like a 12 gauge shotty. Uh. Uh. I don't know. I could, I can go, I could talk with him, but, uh. Don't worry, it's got more. You know what I mean? That's right. Thanks and praise everyone. Thanks and praise. Hold it up. Put your hands together and hold it up. Give thanks and praise. H- put your hands up. Hold it up. Light it up. Praise it up. Hold it up. Hold it up. Raise it up. Roll it up. Hold it up. Hmm. Here we go. Yeah. Uh. Strictly, strictly Christian, we on a mission. We on a mission from God. Wh- what? Oh my gosh. See how the devil tries to... Hey, my thumb slipped and hit the screen and slipped off the beat. We have... That's ridiculous. Now we know we have to wrap this tune, man. This is rid- this freestyle. Let the spirit speak through you. Tr- uh, try to let it go. Ridiculous how the devil tried to tickle this and stop the brother Lord speaking through. Go stop wickedness and protect his people, protect his sheep, protect his gathering, protect his, protect his, form his, his children, his, their seeds and their families. Yo, let me get back on track and, uh, my en- my energy. Lord, bless me and bless my words and bless my heart.Help me to get my point across. So far, I don't know if I have. I try to cannot look down. Yo, the backwards, I'm a-looking forwards and staying in the moment. Staying and balancing words like on a water wave. Ocean flying, surfing water going by. Can't deciding, have to make a decision whether it's left or right. Have to make a decision, whether to get down or stand back. It's tight. I try to stay with the rhythm unfolding. Whether I get a good word that's for knowing. I don't, uh, even think that's as, as important going with the pattern. You have to stay inside the rhythm and, yo, that's what matters. Number one, number one, that's, that's what matters. When making freestyles, yo, that's what matters. Have to stay in rhythm, rhythm with the beat. Whether the music raps, yo, or rhymes, it's ex-defeatus. Even if you can't even get the most toastiest best rhyme to get with the best vibe, it doesn't matter as long as you stay within the line rhymes. Yo, the ver- the medical methodologies, the melodies have to stay, have to wave with the rhythmic. Don't twist it, get it bigged up, uh, unless you missed it. You can hit up different energies and, uh, different frequencies when you're going inside the different music temperatures and going on and up and down and up and down. And new tonalities are different, gets you nationalities in the biscuit. Counting on you, it's a mission. Don't forget, yo, yo, astro vision. Yo, AstraZeneca, what they do there? AstraZeneca, they're trying to move there, trying to get our people to take a vaccine. Yo, we don't want to take a vaccine. Yo, never take another vaccine. Yo, we never take another vaccine. Went to Budapest in the sky, super fly, super Buddha mom chilling with another one. That's our side, that's with another guy. And then MMA contest, go and test yourself to the best. And if you want to go and fight another dude, watch your head and protect your neck is what I'm saying too. Example, by shifting your whole weight and moving forward from a lower weight to a type of tape. Throw a body low and rather not hitting from the top. Always focus how you want, pro. Pro, I'm telling you like you are a professional. Not like you are a pronoun, hell no. Use your right hand and use your left hand. Your performance is getting on and establishment. Yo, I like to tell them the content that brain planning better be on the right brain. Enhancing performing, you will be consciously interfering with paralysis. Analysis, that's this important behavior and trust program is unconscious material. Even if it's not the best program, it's best to get activity on immediately. In effect of trying to be consciously change in some way, you're actually performing and changing and getting new ways. Performing and changing and getting best place and best ways and new programs of hab- patterns and habits. Your new behavioral pattern and habits are getting even more cleaner and stronger, more numerous and more numerous. Getting more precision, post-hypnotics, yo, practicing, performing, then getting romance. Rehearsing per specific skills, yo, and that enhance. That enhance to maximize, yo, what's inside and that's to see. Next to music, music is ecstasy. Music is ecstasy and unconscious mind establish the program. Music is ec- ecstasy by design. Memorize how you see it and ignore. Don't ignore what's behind that door in your mind. Don't hide what's going on. Don't see what's showing on. Yo, I have to go to the gym, that's right. I have to lift some muscles people don't know they had inside. Yo, we all, we all more than we seem in here. We are more than that. All more. Love teach us. Love teach us. Yo, love teach us. Rabbi, Lord teach us. Lord, teach us. Teach us. Lord, teach us the likelihood of our spiritual success. Oh, Lord teach us the path of spiritual success. Lord, teach us the path of the distance. Lord, teach us, give us strength through the progress. Lord, teach us and give us a positive low-key approach. And Lord, help us not boast when we couldn't get the best results. Lord, teach us to be, yo, disciplined. And Lord, teach us to be filled with energy. And Lord, teach us to be giving, dear one. Lord, we love you are the Lord, our parent, dear one. Yo, Lord, help me. Lord, help me. I want to do your... I want to li- live your will. I need to be the strongest and flexible. And in addition, I need a cum- creativity. Uh, I need creativity, comforter, and relive. Lord, I know you're in multiple dimension. Uh, I maximize my hope. I need to communication on the regular. I think it's dope, dope. Yo, a word just about it. Commonly known as a anxiety, a despair, Lord. So Lord, take away any despair in the future. If I had a future book, put my name on it, Lord, right there. Lord, could you go open the book and go there? Lord, could you open the future to my book and remove any of the anxieties, fears, and wounds? Lord, remove all the anxieties that are up in the book, Lord. Thank you. Uh, and if Lord, may the Spirit also remove any un- you know, Lord, any unnecessary suffering and pain. Anything that I wouldn't like very much, if you know what I'm saying. Lord, beg up and Lord, thank you. In His holy name, His holy name.Many parents had to blame a bad environment for not raising their children in the best, a d- best mental sane place. But that was it not necessary, the nece- sort of gadgetry and books and eh- timing, technology. Running up and growing up was just one of them stuff people had to do naturally before they throw up of h- not have to rake in, making, not tasting the very, very bacon and eggs that they eating in the breakfast. Can't miss this, have another list, go to the store to get more. A giant checklist. We had to have a giant checklist. We'll write down, but also read the word of God on every Sunday to bless the family and bless the country. America was very blessed back in the day. There, back in the day the Lord had blessed the country fully. Now looking back, we can see how much the Lord has blessed, has blessed America. You can just see if you read the signs, the ancient samurai, Samaritan scrolls. You know what I'm saying? Them Samaritan scrolls, yo. It's Dead Sea Scrolls, Samaritan scrolls. Yo, we got, we got different tie-dye shirts that we sell on our website. You know what I'm saying, man? We got merch, we got, we got T-shirts, we got merch, we got tie dye, we got ... Bro, we got the Egyptian T-shirts that we got straight off the pyramid, boy, dudes, with the, the camels. You know what I'm saying? We just hustling these camel shirts that we bought off the dude in the ... You know what I mean? It's Egypt, have them shipped back to New Jersey, Atlantic City. We making money. Best thing's funny. Yo, there's nobody even use another Camel. People used to r- smoke them back in the, back in the days. A lot to change had to come before anyone had to begun to put down the cigarettes, what they did for fun. Back in the days that's how they did it. Nowadays now they're using new technology, children. Nowadays, you can get into a car and drive, let it drive you around as far as you want. Not as far as another one with the fuel, but way quieter. Anybody's abused with it. And now you can enjoy the feeling, being in your very special place. And now you can enjoy feeling the being and being in a very special place. And now you can enjoy the feeling of being in your special place, place. And now you can enjoy the feeling of being in your special place, place. And now you can enjoy the feeling of being in your special place, place. And now you can enjoy the feeling of being in your special place, being. Perhaps as you walk, you can feel the ground beneath your feet, feet. The warmth and comfort of walking across similar comfort. Softness air strikes your skin and body, pleasantness and warm from the sun, from the sun. Number one, can see your surroundings. Begun animals and planets. Sky from above and firmament that you love and there within you. See the pictures vivid in your mind and experience the real skies filled with birds. And all these birds flying high in the sky. These dudes trying to cop my line, to cop my line. Dude, don't drop the mic by design. Dude, get, get, get this guy outta here. Yo, this can't be called a ... Bro, no, there's no illusions, man. Don't, uh, you got, you gotta go, bro. Sorry, man. No, it's my beat now. That's right. Stop that. All right. Ah, yeah. That's right. That's right. Ah, yeah. That's right. That's right. Ah, yeah. That's right. That's right. Ah, yeah. That's right. That's right. The force of gravity that comes from the moon and acts like controllers. Supercrusies and over the seas, you can see the ocean rising with tide pools. Gained an eternity from a live stream, a net stream. Yo, I chanted the holocaustus, people was gonna learning me. Usually bypass the security on the iPhone. I had to go and inject it all alone. Yo, home alone with the masses. Get re-alerting, injected for weathers and blasts. Now you are sleeping so soundly. Uh. You are sleeping, you are sleeping, so you're seeping. People say hello, the bladder's speaking. And I'm full when the brain sends the message back. It's like, "We're busy right now, I'ma get you back." Holler at the music. I'ma get you back deep in an enhancement. Deep's an enhancement, time distortion, running the words, what you flourishing. Big it on, uh, big it on, ow, big it up now, hit it right now, we gots to get it. The topic, the music, the wallet, the whole sometime phenomenons is platonic. Yo, it's areas of application, time distortion. Any particular or prominent work you value or have to reach the time being. Childish and training technique and helping patients endure unavoidable experiences or possible suffering that come, come conscious consequential, you know, consequences of living through lifeYou know, unfortunately there's fat bombaclot all around. But also beautiful healing surround sound, uh, uh, up and down. Round and round, round and round. Pick it up. Pick it up. Pick it up. Pick it up. Pick it up. Pick it up. Pi-ick it u-u-up. Pick him up. Pick him up. Pick it u-u-up. Pick him up. Pick him up. Pick it u-u-up. Pick him up. Pick him up. Pick him u-u-up. Pick him up. Pick him up. Pick him u-u-up. Pick him up. Pick him up. Pick him u-u-up. Pick him up. Pick him up. Pick him u-u-up. Yeah. Yeah. Get your fucking ass away. Put your trust in us. ??? But you never wanna realize that I'm planted in your mind. All right. I guess, uh, I don't have to stop. I'll just add this in and take the other slice off later. This part here is gonna be Cybersill. Th- they do swear and say stupid things in order to remove any curses or, uh, where we're just looking for the texture, the rhythms, matching ability, the tonality, and the rhythms. We're looking to mimic and copy, not the vulgarity of this me- these words. Amen. Thank you. Let's get this, guys. Come in- Come inside. Hello everybody. Welcome in. Think you're very ready for the battle. Well, the shit goes down just wait for it. Hope you fucking yell No hate ... no damage running from the front lines. Anybody wanna get away. Hey, I'll find your fucking ass in due time. Run and seek Call me in Con- ... Nevermind. Hmm Wait to get your fucking ass away. Put your trust in us. No way out of this mushroom cloud. What you never want to realize that I'm planted in your mind, yeah. Cybersill compact. I need to take a break. I can come back, but I need to take a break, I think. I think I need to take a break. Well, it's almost 100 minutes, we might as well at least get 100 in. You think? Uh, well, it's 85 minutes. The other one was 75 minutes. I think you picked it up. You could hit up another one. Bluetooth disconnected. Bluetooth connected. Bluetooth disconnected. Bluetooth connected. I need a drink of water. << Music << So we'll see through it all. Might .......................... And alcohol. Sometime you might ............................ And, um, other things. Yo, sometimes you fall short of your tallest, sometimes you fall short of the tallest, sometimes you fall short of the tallest, sometimes you're gonna fall short of the tallest, sometimes you're gonna fall just a short from the tallest, sometimes you're gonna fall short from the tallest, you might even fall short from the tallest, you might even fall short from the tallest. Might even got kicked out from the garden. Might've even got kicked out from a garden. What's the problem? No problemo. But then, let's like, yo, she has two sons. She's got, uh, Ab- Abel and Cain. And Abel, they, you know, they... Cain, Cain doesn't love The Lord. Cain's upset. He doesn't wanna get thanks and praise. He doesn't wanna get thanks and praise. So he turns around and kills his brother, right, in a rage. Yo, I'm not trying to lay... That's straight-up whack, dude. He's not of the seeds, of the seed of the devil. The, the, the, at the tree is not just a tree. It was Lucifer. She hid it with the devil. The apple is represented as, as the seed. And if you read, if you read, it read, The Lord says, "Don't put competition between the seed..." As a matter of fact, "Where the seed of the snake in competition of the seed of the serpent, uh, uh, of the woman." Both of her, she had twins, man. One was, uh, with the devil and one was, uh, was Adam. You know what I'm saying? Everybody knows that. I was just saying that to feel... I mean, it's true, but sometimes you gotta... Can't just rap about scuba diving. << Music >> I need a drink of water. << Music >> High, living high just for The Lord. Living high, living high just for The Lord. Living high, living high just for The Lord. Living high, living high. We live to soar, serve. We live to serve The Almighty living God. God. We live to serve The Almighty God. It says in Revelation that the Messiah's tongue would be turned to a sword, meaning the word. Yo, the word and the sword are the one word in reverse in English language. Main plan, many generations ago. Plantations ago. Rationalizations, many temperates ago. And now you g- g- got these climate change agenda. They trying to twist us and move us up to cattle region. Yo, abundance of different cognitive dissonance. People is confused. People don't know what to do, where to turn, or where to believe. Yo, give us Jesus back. Give us Jesus back. Yo, give me Jesus back. Give us Jesus back. You tried to rob Him from us. COVID, yo, covidical diabolic scheme. Trying to shut down the churches over some flu town shit. Give me my Jesus, give me my Jesus, give me my Jesus back. Give me my Jesus. Can I get my, can I get my Jesus right back? Give me my, my Jesus, give me my, my, my Jesus right back. Ain't trying to get locked out of the church. I don't care about no flu bullshit right now. I love my Lord. You can't have Him like that. You, you can't shut, leave the alcohol shops are open. Leaving car scenes, explosions, leaving people exposed to violence. Yo, give us, give us opportunity and freedom of, uh, and, and... Actually, let's just talk to The Lord. You know, I'm just gonna go talk to The Lord on my own. Yo, it's just a shame what we had seen. Yo, actions, yo, seeds that turn to sown into trees over different roots and origins of words and beginnings. Yo, of Adam, lineage, the different seedings. Yo, of Cain, where different, different lines and lineages in the Ten- Old Testament. Go back into Genesis and see that the, the two lines and lineages are not the same. They're different bloodlines. In a game, in the game of good and evil, in a game of the saved, in the game of The Lord's perfect design, in the game with the whack one that intercepted and tried to move up and change the DNA in the game. Where in Genesis, it got so bad because there was only evil on men's hearts right then because the DNA had changed. Yo, then, and if the seeds of the whack one had multiplied, just whacking up the earth, had left, yo, The Lord. See, that's why He flooded the earth out is 'cause there was wa- it wasn't human anymore. It wasn't of Adam's blood. DNA was gonna get macked up and jacked up. Telling you now, it's how I see that, uh, I can, I can quote it, the Scripture. After I go through this, I might get a picture of which passages I need to quote from and go through. I know that I can .......................... I want to learn how to do rap with the Scriptures, dude. People love The Lord. People love The Lord. People, give our love to The Lord. Give our love to The Lord. Hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah. How you doing? Hallelujah, hallelujah. How you doing? Hallelujah, halle-How you doing? Hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah. How you doing? Hallelujah, hallelujah. How you doing? Hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah. How you doing? Hallelujah, hallelujah. How you do ya, stay in a state, stay in a peaceful state when so much circumstances seems to necessitate cause for pain and suffering that will not abate, cease, or abate by the presence of the Holy Spirit, by the presence of the living God who's living throughout your life, by the power of the presence of the Holy One living in, within your breath, living in your life, living in through your veins, living in through your hands, living in plain sight. Lived in sight. You are a living proof that there is a living God. Your, your actions, your behaviors, your fruits, the way your fruits have, uh, have appeared here on earth. When you was a g- just a young man you had a strong connection. As a young girl you have a strong connection with the Lord, the living God of the most high, high, of the most high, high. Don't idolize the false ones, man, many on the plantation have just begun. We got the idols on YouTube. We got them idols on the television, idols on the Instagram, idols on the money cam, idols on another Sundance High Festival. The music turned out to be just whack. Good, man, it's all right. All right, Sam, you need to get, uh, beats, man. I know, I'm s- trying. I'm trying. You know, guys, thanks and praise to the Lord. When you're looking for these, may the Lord help me find a beat. May the Lord guide these beats. May the Lord send us the beats that, that will release the messages even more relaxed, more, more enjoyable, more... I'm seeing some ones here, I just don't know, I don't know what they sound like. I w- just obviously do, but I guess I'll just click on one and hopefully, uh, the speakers don't blow up. All right, everybody calm down. Please calm down. Oh, yeah. It's time for me and the Lord. It's time for me to speak to the Lord. Like I said, for the m- Lord, clear the way for me, make way for me. Yo, Lord, I love you. Your people might think that I'm making fun because I, I speak plainly and I speak directly and I speak with hunger in my voice, and I speak with c- comedy in my voice, but Lord, we've been talking, I've been, you've been in my life from before the beginning. You knew me before there was ev- every hair on my head, before you knew me, before the foundations of the earth, Lord. Lord, you knew me before the foundations of the earth. How could I offend thee, Lord? Lord, you're, you know me. I love you. I love you. Sorry. I'm sorry. Yo, people is r- tardy, tardy, tardy. Lord, how come people tardy, tardy for class? Is it there no coming back? I know, Lord, there is pardon for the coming back from treacherous witchcraft and treacherous whack, going down the wrong path. Lord, forgive us our trespasses. Lord, forgive us our trespasses, even the trespasses that I didn't forgive myself of. Lord, unforgivingly, Lord, li- Lord, please, unconditionally forgive me of all my trespasses as I forgive and don't forgive others to trespass, Lord. Lord, make an exception for us, Lord. Bless us, touch us with wisdom, love, and forgiveness. It's so hard to have love in our hearts unless you live, make a home within us, Lord. The devil surrounds us in the world, uh, the world of devils. It's everywhere, Lord. You know we are in dark places, Lord. Lord, yours, yours, your rod comforts me. Lord, you lead us, you lead me and us to green pastures, Lord. Yes, Lord. Even though the wicked things may be about, Lord, Lord, you, you, you, I dwell in the comfort of your presence and I will not bow down to the world of c- to, to the world of convenience. I won't bow down to the whack satanic, whack world, the whack e- fucking bomboclaat. I don't need to go in to, uh, to... don't wanna talk about too mu- it's, yo, uh, y- I guess, we got made it, uh, all the other, you know, the pe- the, for people to think, you know, they say that, uh, the word, uh, I'm s- mumbled and stumbled. Let me breathe in. Yo, what I'm trying to say is I caved in on saying that the biggest trick the devil had ever done played was making people thinks, think that he did not exist because he got played out as Freddy Krueger. They played him out as Michael Myers. They played the devil out as, yo, Chucky, the doll. They played it out so much that nobody cares at all. The people they, you got h- they hypnotized people to not believe at all, but that's the worst thing when an enemy be out. It's the worst thing to let your guard down in a vulnerable state, at a vulnerable time without any help. You best to get the Lord Almighty on your side and stay there and be there and, and actually you stay on his side. But first, you gotta get on hi- you gotta come to know him and love him and let him run with you. Spiritual stubbornness can temporarily blind a man out of his will.Uh, here we go. Here I go. Should I take this job? Here I go. Here I go. Will I take this job? We can be so stubborn even when discerning God's will. When I make even a big life-changing decision, I will think of myself. Should I leave this job? Should I date this person? Should I take on this project? Should I inject this vaccination into an arm, into a leg, into a head, into a what? Oh, man. Gotta find the beats. I don't know what any of these are. I mean, I never do, but, I mean, the photos... No, don't- I'm not trying to play it again. Just, just bear with me, guys. I'm sorry. Sorry. Very sorry. Very sorry that I'm having to go look for a beat. Just chill for a minute and I won't concede. I won't stop. I won't back down. I won't go out easy now. I won't stop. I won't back down. I'm not hiding out at an airport or an airplane crash or a spacecraft mission on an overseen spy man, spy man and then 007. I'm chilling with spy man and his 007. I'm running with spy man and his 007. He's running with spy, he the man in 007. I'm with it. I don't drink. I don't get it, but believe me. I don't get it, I don't drink. If I'm drinking, it's Dos Equis, I meant it. I don't drink every day, but if I do, we know I'm drinking Dos Equis, that's the double X dude. The dude from Mexico. The dude you wanna know. The dude that's so nasty he's heard be a GoPro filming him when he's brushing his teeth. He's so interesting. He's the most interesting man on the planet. He wishes, he wants it. They have it. They own it. They sold it. They bought it. They chopped it. They knocked it. They knocked it down and mixed it up and mixed it out and boiled it down and plopped it up and chopped it down and mixed it up and sold it now. Sold and worked it up, mixed it out. Sold and worked it up, mixed it out. They sold it to the crowds and to the crowds. Done buying up, done buying up more. Buying up, buying up, buying up more. Buying up, buying up, buying up more. Buying up, buying up, buying up more. That's why people don't go no show. People don't go to no shows anymore. People only stay inside and buy even more shit from a Amazon and from another place. Frick MySpace, they on a space race. Get on a case on your environment. What I mean is don't get bent. Yo. Fix your credit on Experian. Yo, fix your credit, TransUnion. Fix your credit, uh, Equifax. Yo, fix your credit, TransUnion. Yo, fix your credit, Experian. Yo, fix your credit, Credit Union. Fix your credit, fix your credit. Delete your inquiries right about now. Gonna delete your inquiries. So anyhow, yo. Remove any delinquencies. Make sure everything's set up on automatic ACH so you'll never have any 30 day late payments. Don't ever let a 30 day payment goodbye. You need to catch it like a fucking blood clot, flu, disease. You know, don't let it ac- What the hell? Yo, my phone tripped out when I said COVID flu disease. This, the phone started interrupting and was like scanning me. Yo, my phone better stand back the fuck up off of me. The second my fi- phone tries to turn into the T-1000, it will see who the real man and who the liquid is. I will have to drop it inside of burning lava or water, whatever it is. If the phone trip, try to get me, it's been known. I owe, I've gone destroyed iPads, 13 and 15 inches on the top of my house in Wilmington on the third floor, fourth floor. Threw it off in the parking lot and smash it into millions of pieces. Dropped it millions of waters and gallons of bleaches on it, hit it with an egg, hit it with a brick, smashed it in half. Yo, I dominated it and smashed and destroyed that iPad and iPod and iPad. I'm gonna tell, upload that video and put it in the background of every iPhone that I have and every Macintosh that I have So if there's any inner artificial intelligence, it will always see me smashing it up, mashing it up, macking it down, holding it macked, it can't stop me now. The artificial intelligence already knows the fucking place it bound. Now, whether that be the Lord cre- Oh, stephe. Oh, uh, what? Yo. Don't even try to stop the wrath. You know better than that. The Lord created the human being. Lord didn't create the computer, the Lord created the human being. The Lord didn't create the computers, the Lord created human beings. The Lord created us, didn't create you. And if you Siri computer face it, try to censor me, don't mess with me. Yo, essentially, there better be two classes if they make robotic energy that walk around and talk some sounds that might sound like English that you know and me understand now, but they try to flip the script and they want humano- human ro- human responsibilities, human rights. Nah, we think robotics can't get no human rights because they're not us, they're not, they're not human beings. They're trying to flip the script on he and she and transgender primarily to be able to use the pronouns to give the robots free rights and human rights. They're flipping transgenders languages to pave the road for T-1000s to get human rights. Watch it. I don't want it to be, hopefully it don't be. Let's all pray that it will not and we'll be never protected from it occurring and people will wake up and s- do something to put an end to this ridiculous and awful technocracy. Okay, uh, Sam, you need to find some beats, d- I'm... Stop thatRap. I don't know. I could, I can go, I can talk with them but, uh... Don't worry, it's got more. You know what I mean? That's right. Thanks and praise, everyone. Thanks and praise. Hold it up. Put your hands together and hold it up. Give thanks and praise. Ah, put your hands up. Hold it up. Light it up. Praise it up. Hold it up. Hold it up. Raise it up. Roll it up. Hold it up. Hmm. Here we go. Yeah. Ah. Strictly, strictly Christian. We on a mission. We on a mission from God. Oh, what? Oh my gosh. See how the devil tries to... Hey, my thumb slipped and hit the screen and slipped off the beat. Yeah, that's ridiculous. Now we know we have to rap this tune, man. This is ridi- this... We'll freestyle. Let the spirit speak through you. Try, try to let it. Go. Ridiculous how the devil tried to tickle this and stop the presence of the Lord. Speaking to go stop wickedness and protect his people, protect his sheep, protect his gathering, protect his, protect his, form his, his children, his, their seeds and their families. Yo, let me get back on track and to my en- my energy. Lord, bless me and bless my words and bless my heart. Help me to get my point across. So far, I don't know if I have. I tried to, cannot look down. Dealt the backwards. I'm now looking forwords and saying in the moment. Staying, I'm balancing words like on a water wave, ocean flying, surfing water going by. Can't deciding, have to make a decision. Whether it's left or right, have to make a decision. Whether to get down or stand back and tight. And try to say with the rhythm unfolding. Whether I get a good word that's renoming. I don't know, even think that's as, as important going with the pattern. You have to stay inside the rhythm and yo, that's what matters. Number one, number one. That's, that's what matters. When making freestyles, yo, that's what matters. Have to stay in rhythm, rhythm with the beat. Whether the music raps you or rhymes, it's, that's defeatist. Even if you, you can't even get the most toastiest best rhyme to get with the best vibe. It doesn't matter, as long as you stay within the line rhyme. Those, the words of medical methodologies. The melodies have to stay, have to wait with the rhythmic. Don't twist it. Get it big d- I know that you missed it. You can hit up different energies and at different frequencies when you going inside the different music temperatures. And going on and up and down and up and down. And new tonalities and different kitchen accentualities in the biscuit. Counting on you, it's a mission. Don't forget, yo, yo. At our vision, yo, Astrazeneca. What they do there, Astrazeneca. They, they trying to move there. Trying to get our people to take a vaccine. Yo, we don't have to take a vaccine. Yo, never take another vaccine. Yo, we never take another vaccine. Went to Budapest in the sky, super fly, super Buddha monk chilling with another one. SSI, that's with another guy. An MM, MMA contest, go and test yourself to the best. And if you want to go and fight another dude, watch your head and protect your neck is what I'm saying too. Example by shifting your whole weight and moving forward from a lower weight to a type of taste, lower body though. And rather not hitting from the top, always focus how you want, bro. Bro, I'm telling you like you are a professional, not like you are a pronoun. Hell no. Use your right hand and use your left hand. Your performance is getting known and establishment. Yo, I'd like to tell them the content that brain planning better be on the right brain. And enhancing performing, you will be consciously interfering with paralysis analysis. Thus, it's important to behavior and trust program is unconscious material. Even if it's not the best program, it's best to get activity on immediately. And effective trying to be, consciously change in some way. You're actually performing and changing and getting new ways. Performing and changing and getting best place and best ways. And new programs of habit, patterns and habits. Your new behavioral pattern and habits are getting even more cleaner and stronger, more numerous and more numerous. Getting more precision, post-hypnotics. Go practicing, performing, then getting romance. Rehearsing for specific skills though, with that in hand. Side in hand to maximize, yo, what's inside of ecstasy. Next to music, music is ecstasy.Music is ecstasy, and unconscious mind. Establish the program. Music is ecstacy by design. Memorize how you see and ig- ignore. Don't ignore what's behind that door in your mind. Don't hide what's going on. Don't see what's showing on. Yo, I have to go to the gym, that's right. I have to lift some muscles people don't know they had inside. Yo, we all, we all wanna be seeing them mirrors. We are more than that. Oh, Lord. Love teach us. Love teach us. Yo, love teach us. Rabbi, Lord teach us. Lord, teach us. Teach us. Lord teach us the likelihood of our spiritual success. Oh Lord, teach us the path to spiritual success. Lord, teach us the path of the distance. Lord, teach us. Give us strength through the progress. Lord, teach us and give us a positive low keys approach. And Lord, help us not boast when we couldn't get the best results. Lord, teach us to be, yo, disciplined. And Lord, teach us to be filled with energy. And Lord, teach us to be giving, dear one. Lord, we love you or the Lord, our parents, dear one. Yo, Lord, help me. Lord, help me. I want to do your, I want to live, live your will. I need to be the strongest and flexible and in addition I need to come creativity. Uh, I need creativity, comforter and relive. Lord, I know you're in multiple dimension. Uh, I maximize my hope. I need to communication on the regular. I think it's dope. Dope. Yo, a word just about it. Commonly known as a anxiety, a despair, Lord. So Lord, take away any despair in the future. If I had a future book, put my name on it, Lord, right there. Lord, could you go open the book and go there? Lord, could you open the future to my book and remove any of the anxieties, fears, and wounds? Lord, remove all the anxieties that are up in the book, Lord. Thank you. Uh. And if Lord made the Spirit also remove any un- you know, Lord, any unnecessary suffering and pain. Anything that I wouldn't like very much, if you know what I'm saying. Lord, big up and Lord, thank you. In this holy name. This holy name. Many parents had to blame a bad environment for not raising their children in the best, the best mental sane place but it wasn't not necessary. The necessort of gadgetry and books and timing, technology. Running up and growing up was just one of them stuff people had to do naturally before they throw up of ha- after raking, making, now tasting the very, very bacon and eggs that they eating in the breakfast. Can't miss this. Have another list. Go to the store to get more. A giant checklist. We have to have a giant checklist. We'll write down, but also read the Word of God, uh, every Sunday to bless the family and bless the country. America was very blessed back in the day. Back in the day, the Lord had blessed the country fully. Now looking back I can see how much the Lord has blessed, blessed America. You can just see if you read the signs in the ancient Samurai Samaritan scrolls. You know what I'm saying? Them Samaritan scrolls, yo. It's Dead Sea Scrolls, Samaritan scrolls. Yo, we got, we got different tie-dye shirts that we sell on our website. You know what I'm saying, man? We got merch, we got, we got T-shirts, we got merch. We got tie dye. We got, bro, we got the Egyptian T-shirts that we got straight off the pyramid, boy, dudes, with the, the camels. You know what I'm saying? You just hustling these camel shirts that we bought off the dude in, you know what I mean? It's Egypt. Have 'em shipped back to New Jersey, Atlantic City. We making money. Best things funny. Yo, there's nobody even used another camel. People used to smoke them back in the, back in the days. A lot to change had to come before anyone had begun to put down the cigarettes, what they did for fun. Back in the days, that's how they did it. Nowadays, now they use their new technology, children. Nowadays, you can get into a car and drive, let it drive you around as far as you want. Not as far as another one with the fuel, but way quieter. Anybody's amused with it, and now you can enjoy the feeling, being in your very special place. And now you can enjoy feeling the being, and being in a very special place. And now you can enjoy the feeling of being in your special place, place. And now you can enjoy the feeling of being in your special place, place. And now you can enjoy the feeling of being in your special place, place. And now you can enjoy the feeling of being in your special place, being. Perhaps as you walk, you can feel the ground beneath your feet, beat. The warmth and comfort of walking across similar comfort, softness. Air strikes your skin and body. Pleasantness and warm from the sun, from the sun of...... can see your surroundings. The gun, animals, and planet. Sky from above and firmament that you love and there within you. See the pictures vivid in your mind and experience the real skies filled with birds. Then he's in- all these birds flying high in the sky. These dudes trying to cop my line, to cop my line. Dude, don't drop the mic by desire. Dude, get, get, get this guy out of here. Yo, this can't be cool, man. Bro, no, there's no illusions man. Don't do... You got, you gotta go, bro. Sorry, man. No, it's my beat now. That's right. Stop that. All right. Aw yeah, that's right, that's right. Aw yeah, that's right, that's right. Aw yeah, that's right, that's right. Aw yeah, that's right, that's right. The force of gravity, it comes from the moon and acts like controllers. Supercrisies and over the seas, you can see the ocean rising with tide pools. Gained an eternity from a live stream, a net stream. Yo, I chanted the Holocaustus. People was going to learn at me, using bypassing security on the iPhone. I had to go and inject it all alone. Yo, home alone with the masses, get realerting, injected for whether to blast it. Now you are sleeping so soundly. Uh. You are sleeping, you are sleeping, so you're seeing. People say hello, the bladder's speaking. And I'm full when the brain sends a message back. It's like, "We're busy right now, I'ma get you back." Holler at the music. I'ma gets you back deep in enhancement. Deep's an enhancement, time distortion, running a merge, what's your flourish? Big it on out, big it on out, big enough now, hitting it right now. We gots to get it, the topic, the music, the wallet, the whole sometime phenomenons is platonic. Yo, it's areas of application, time distortion, maybe particular or having in the working value, or accurate design be childish and training technique and helping patients endure unavoidable experiences or possible suffering that come, come conscious consequential. You know, consequences of living through life, you know. Unfortunately, there's ac- bumbaclot all around, but also beautiful healing surround sound. Uh, uh. Up and down. Round and round, round and round. Big it up, big it up. Big it up, hit it up, what, what. Big it up, big it up. Big it up. Big him up, big him up. Big it up. Big him up, big him up. Big it up. Big him up, big him up. Big him up. Big him up, big him up. Big him up. Big him up, big him up. Big him up. Big him up, big him up. Big him up. Yeah. Yeah. All right, I guess, uh, I'll just stop this, I'll just add this in and take the other slice off later. This part here is going to be ?????? reduce swearing, saying stupid things in order to remove any curses. And, uh, well, we're just looking for the texture, the rhythms matching ability, the tonality, and the rhythms. We're looking to mimic and copy, not the vulgarity of this met- with these words. Okay. I think let's get this guy. Come in- come inside, fill up everybody. About to make, make it go down. Ready for the battle, 'bout to sing, go sound. Let's make more bread off the fucking yellow gram. All right, it's getting there. Extra lean from the front line. Anybody try to get away. Can't hide your funky ass if you tried. From the seat so- Call me in Ju-Ju-Ju- ... double the scale if you're willin' to take. Hmm. Wait to get yo' funky ass strangled. But you keep steppin' in the way of this mushroom cloud. What you never want to realize that the plastic in your food's high. Cypress Hill, call me. Now I need to take a break. I can come back, but I need to take a break. I think. I think I need to take a break.GOTTA GO FAST.Well, it's almost 100 minutes. You might as well at least get 100 in. You think? Uh... Well, it's 85 minutes. The other one was 75 minutes. Do you think it's enough to hit up another one? Bluetooth disconnected. Bluetooth connected. Bluetooth connected. Bluetooth connected. Bluetooth connected. Bluetooth connected. <|agent|><|it|> 