Uh, I-O E-I-O U-E-I-O-U. Sometimes I have to wake up. Sometimes I open my eyes, I can't shake up. I saw the werewolf there, I saw the vampire. Yo, fishing for people, yo, phenomenon. Me going out to the forest to go get us some huntin' on. Yo, we the dominant species, human beings. We out here for a very good reason. Yo, continents and quarry men, people run up the whole origin story then. Me and Sam Russell gonna go party. Run around with people, gonna go enjoy salespeople and other townsmen. Yo, women and that legal system was been set up by the old w- ways and sorcerers from other places. Yo, the words we are faithful to the true living God, not any false kind. We chillful and graceful, living in the grace. Yo, sometimes we see the distasteful ways of the world, but greater is he in us than greater- is than the one in the world. Yo, we ha- can be playful even though we see, yo, terrible things surround us at sometimes. But we can focus on wonderful things and we realize that real lies had been already be told to other peoples through different people and different women and different guys. For people was feeling homesick for the other side, people feeling homesick for the other side. People was feeling homesick for the other side. Today's surprise, people was feeling homesick to go back to the other side. Imagery, yo, a symmetry. People was chilling with electromatic clinic. Yo, I have to c- clean my dentistry and keep my teeth clean originally when I was i- just a human being in my physical flesh body. Chill out for a minute. It was just a joke, it was beginning. I was going for bit- I couldn't tell if I was cooking up too much heater steamer, keeping it too hot like an arti- toke joke. Yo, I had it way mo'. I had the words when I woke up and spoke and h- I came out with my money maker, money finder, cultivator, never discriminator, the telephone eliminator. Sam Russell born almost like a troublemaker. Yo, I'm right on time. Never be lyin', always catch my words. When I'm in a dreamland, we see them and I'm a be available. You have to use your words to concline and d- use the words to name the nameable, and also sing the words and j- go on with rhythms and ways and just in coincidentally, you can get up and toe a different forest applicable to the new rhymes. Inequitable, yo, we've not, yo, necessarily predictable. Even though we educated, we go out for the, we want to win the game, but it's not always the same. Sometimes we're not gonna break or sprain an ankle. We running this thing long term, long time train. Yo, Guns N' Roses is strange. Running the lines, running the planes up in the whole sky like an airplane. Yeah, we overcame the, the old ways. We overcame the old plays. Yo, we are gonna finish if it, they even have to finish last. We ain't gonna be the last one from Spanish class. Come on, people is famished. We are gonna eat this manna. Yo, we running, we going from this to that. We going from road to street. We running with concrete. Yo, heavy waiter, we going to get to see the ship wreck at the bottom of the seabed. We catch that. Yo, the Peter dude said he was a Deadhead, whatever that mean. Yo, disappearing, bookkeeping, house making, dreaming, believing, yo, sweep staking, the whole thing. People are speeding through they feelings. Yo, speaking through they feelings. I'm speaking through my feelings. Yo, I'm underwhelming. Yo, just fortune telling. The whole sequence of stairwells just woke up. Never saw the yelp. I'm in the business, yelp, with American Family Senior Services, LLC for Wilmington, 198805. We're gonna see the seashell. The seashell. Sally sells seashells by the seashore. Sally sells seashells by the seashore. Sally sells seashores by the seashore. Sally sells sea sores, Seymour, and seafloor. Go up the seafloor. We're gonna go see the ocean bed, the ocean floor. Sally sells many things, beginning with other things. Uh-huh. Check it. Uh, here we go, here we go, here we, here we go. Now you know, now you know, now you know, now you know how it gon' go. Now, how you did just a little bit. I'm gonna go from here to the train station. Yo, swimming with the different li- different aquatic life form. Yo, billing me, trying to be Colin. People was gambling, complaining. Yo, we out here dreaming. I'm using my imagination and beaming.Yo, the noun, uh, telephone radiation and wifi, wireless fidelity. People were schemin' way too much on social media, way too much, so much. Yo, bridgin' the reality, bridgin' their ego to reality. Twinkle in the eye, twinkle in surprise. People wanna go on the spaceship, surprise. That might not ever even happen. You might wanna get an autograph and chill back and listen. Yo, they got a new pallette, yo, and a new head, a new, yeah, new friendship from the new headmaster, the teacher, the rabbi. Yo, w- workmanship, radio physics, we all stepped in. We had to chill out, had to chill in, had to work, had to listen. Had to learn, had to captivate, had to reconsider, had to learn to initiate the ways of the new ways of the old ones, but also keep it blazed. Yeah, and sideways like the movie with Merlot and Miles. It would show. Hey, dude was gettin' married 'cause he's funny. When California honey, baby, now we gotta keep it glazed like a donut. So what? How we gonna have to keep it taste anyways like mayonnaise? Chill back for days and days. Have to chill out and, yo, yo, my picked up so many Frisbees in the yard, my back felt like it was in need to be in a brace just for a minute, but hold up, I had to see. I would love the feelin' so much when I hear the chains escape. Yo, I wanna save the feelin', save it for a minute, slow it down, feel the flow. Yo, I wanna feel the flow throughout my body. Yo, I can feel it grow. I'm havin' to outgrow the old ways, the old ways that I had to do. Pablo, from here to Mexico, do you know that we had to get the latex vertical? Yo, I, I wasn't down with being heavily taxed off by government agencies with only four sets and four heads makin' mistakes. They wanna leave the underground monies and, yo, hostages behind. It's not even good. They tryna throw up. They tryna make stuff up. They makin' the whole climax way too much. They tryna wait, talk too much. They tryna make World War III talk and stuff. Yo, they wanna even say it on the telly, they are tryna do predictive programmin' already. We already know that whatever they say is totally a lie and already been planned out, planned for a long time. Propaganda, told on for their lies. Yo, watch out on the screen. You know they tellin' you propaganda on the screen. The words is unclean. Don't give it a glean too much. They cl- lying on the screen way too much, it's unclean. Words on the screen way so much, they liein' to you, to your face in an unclean way. All right. Uh-huh. I don't know what this... Uh, uh, goes out to Don Lemon, yo. It's the beginnin'. Yo, with the beginnin'. Been entertainin'. Sam Russell, Sam Russell's here to begin explainin'. I'm explainin' the way the world works with money, the way the Federal Reserve just jerks everybody's, yo, population, citize- citizenry is collateral damage against, yo. There's the loans and outstanding balances that can never be paid off 'cause it's just impossible to pay billions and billions and billions of dollars of interest, of interest. They never grow. Out loud and you got the whole world inside of a snow whirlwind blow globe, yo, and a snow cone. Yo, I might be, yo, gamblin', understandin'-in that other countries be blamin' American-then. Why? Because we got the insurance reserve world currency just for endurance purposes. When we have a different, yo, inflation, making people nervous-es, yo, with the uh, the rest of the world being, having triple digit muggle double even double trouble, triple bubble, double, triple bubble, double. Yo, worse trouble than we ever got here. They be really pissed off there. They wanna talk mad stuff though. Keeping it personal. I don't think it's personal. Need to just understand it's unnameable, it's unbreakable. We wanna have the United States reserve currency of the world. Ever since 1971, it's been disattached from the real gold, the real loot, the real vibes, the real stuff. Yo, you can see the taste in the eyes. They wanna take all the money and be out. Yo, it's advisable to get your chips up, to get your cheddar back, to get your food up, to get your money up, to get your clout. Yo, get your litter- big it up. Have to do, have to get it, have to get my tastes. Yo, my tastes adaptive. Sitting back, listening to the beat, trying to find a new way to react this. Yo, contestable, suggestible words, suggestible coincidentally. Instrumentally, I accidentally said some shit I didn't understand, but they, they sounded like it went up with the beat so I had to keep it going, even though I didn't know when what was gonna come out the next. And then the words was flowing out of my mouth, uh, medicinally, medicinally tremendously. I'm fucking loving the words in my speech. I have to, to keep it in there, might sound like I'm out breach. Mentally, irresistibly, I'm saying all them things- things that essentially, yo, yo, it's dependously. I send them Brian Russell wi- on microphone i- irreversibly, reversingly, irreversibly beneficiaries on the life insurance sheet. Yo, we had to index universally. Yo, planned out with the different indexes built in with the two year with S&P 500, 115% participation paid, 100% participation rate, but even more than that, we had a 200% index allocation rate. Yo, inadvertently making all that money tax free, but we would have the agency. They didn't really live, didn't understand. They didn't understand that you could use a life insurance to be bumpin' it up, bumpin' it up, makin' it up. They thought people was makin' it up. Nah, bro. People that... Don't you know the government wants you to buy life insurance? Yo, it became, it became a counterclaim. Yo, don't you know the government wants you to be having life insurance, yo? They don't wanna be working, or they don't maybe wanna be providing for you. Man, they only pay $255 if somebody dies in their house and this is the first time. If the wife dies, uh, uh, they pay out $255. That's it. I'm telling you, yo, this wack, but it's straight. Yo, they keeping the money stacked back for them 'cause they want to build up to NASA and alien. You need to stop worrying about the government and get out your cash and start saving up your other stuff now with it. Yo, let me explainLet me explain the money game. Let me explain. Let me explain how they create the whole thing. Let me explain. Let me explain the money game. Let me explain. Let me explain the money game. Yo, you can blame the ways that you didn't know, but you were ingrained with the d- dis- ignorance, man. But now it's time to get... It's your- it's time to become knowledgeable. Knowledgeable, you know what I'm saying? Mm-hmm. That's what I'm saying. It was some of the most intelligible words. It was some really... It sounded like unintelligible words. Sam Russell was talking in some unintelligible words, it was noticeable that he was using different verbs and linguistic skills interchangeable. Speaking Chinese, going back to English, to using collectable words and sips craps. He was on a spacecraft talking Chinese to an alien. Yo, without the keys to the truck to go take him back to the out scrap, to the out crap, going living in the past and the future, going back and forth. Did you know the analyzable material and DNA stuff? Did you grab it too? I got the variable annuity paper with me, dude. And I got my variable life policies, making all this moneys on a regular basis, B. Chargeable energies, people wanna chill with the green movement, but they don't know that nuclear energy is way the smoothest energy that's way more cleanest and way more steady-est, way more than the air. You think they're gonna have... Yo, yo, they're trying to trick people and mash people up. They gotta understand that goes way, goes up must come down. There's not only a speech of the word somehow that's not necessarily true. Well, and it's only it's not... that some fake witchcraft spell. When you go up to heaven, you dwell, you won't come back down. Why would you come back down to the ground if you found the most amazingly space, then you found your fate with the Lord most high, the living Christ, the living in the Holy Land, the Holy Paradise. Why would you even come back to another old place with you in the highest high? Yo, why would you even ride as that vibe in your mind temporarily? Yo, with you in the love zone, in a love state, in a love place, in a good state, in a mind state, why would you ever come back to go whack then? Why would you even come back to go whack when, whack spend? Why even spend all the dough, spend all the flow, spend up the whole roll? Did you even know vampires done roll? Chilling in the back room, bankroll for show. Having to learn how to hustle, going out to casinos without the muscle, using up the brain, the entire thing happened to feel extremely, extremely strange. I had to get on up a new muscle, have to go and talk to strangers, go and rearranges, have to get up the new puzzle and figure it out, putting pieces till they orderly. Yo, the struggle made me great. The struggle made me great. The Lord Jesus Christ says he is what has made me great. Yo, and also exercising. He leads me to training my mind in and wisen, on my wisen. My spirits is winding, not my spirits is, but my senses. Yo, there was only the Holy Spirit inside me. Might surprise me. It's time to exercise me. It's time to exercise, exercise my brain. It's time to exercise, exercise this vein. Exorcise Wilmington, Delaware, everywhere. Exorcise Wilmington, Delaware, everywhere. In Jesus Christ's holy name may we exorcise any evil, wicked spirit in the area of Wilmington, Delaware. Exorcise everywhere, exorcise everywhere in Wilmington, Delaware. In Jesus Christ's name may we exorcise every yo, thing inside of Wilmington, Delaware Deep within the city, deep down the road, deep inside the different groves, deep inside the different places and they sold, yo. We have to know. Yo, we don't want to be surprised. People need to get their exercise physically and mentally, emotionally, spiritually, need to be fed, need to come together, need to love one another, forget what was read behind red eyes. Supersized people was fed up standing stick up like fries, french fries, bros. Have to mean whatever memory meant the most. Yo, the Holy Ghost, the comforter, yo, come to one another once. Yo, we had to hu- to heal the brother before you bring in, uh, sacrifice to an altar. Yo, we love one another. We know how it is, we know how it was, we know what will be, we know centuries ahead of time, generously that we understand the revelation. Yo, don't jeopardize any type of, yo, s- uh, yo, s- the, the, the, the re- the revelations and the scriptures don't jeopardize. Yo, they don't jeopardize your salvation in any, in any way. There's no reason to start flipping out, to try to think a new thing that you just real- just go back and go back to the fig tree analogy and understand the first and s- the six and seven signs. Yo, in my, in my view, my discernment, I see, is you having the, uh, the image on your head is doing the work, thinking of the devil's vibes in between your head, that it's ruling your decision instead of the Holy Spirit instead. And if it being on your hands, you's pretty much doing the work of a double plans, building up the whack ones church You doing the opposite of what you should have done first, which builded up the G- the Lord's kingdom, building up the Lord's kingdom. Yo, kingdom stuff, kingdom stuff, kingdom, Lord's kingdom, the Lord's kingdom such and kingdoms type stuff. We building it on up. We building up much faster. We also knocking down, yo, words of weapons and waft that, yo. We have to get, we blowing em- the Lord is protecting us and sending usGiving us white lights of protection, holy garden, angels, yo, reaction against any type of, yo, superstitious or wicked spirit. They just get dismantled in Jesus Christ's name. They just get, they, they just get exor- they get exiled to another plan- to another place way far away that they cannot escape until the time comes, but nothing that they could say or nothing I could say or do or be could make they come out in any way. Now, they was trapped into another place. They are silenced. Th- they are silenced voices, they cannot stop, they are silenced permanently until the end of time when, yo, until the last day, until the last day, until the last day, uh, every Lord... Yo, to the Lord, I must pray, I must pray a thanks and thanks, yo. Emphasizin', energizin', modernizin' different places, supersizin' thoughts and people wants to get saved. They jumpin' into the Riddler and they face philosophical lies, yo, bein' circumcised don't mean you n- from the native tribe. 100% though we need to know, yo, how much you been clipped though. We need to see what you done did before you ran around. We need to see where you hid when you fucking chilled when you gaslight. Yo, player, player hater, yo, nomenclature, fishin', yo, for men. Fishin' for men and women. Fishin' for men. Fishin' for men, fishin' for men. Upliftin' and fishin' for men, it's upliftin' and thanksgivin', I'm makin' this wish and, yo, Sam Russell forgivin', I'm tryna be for the givin', be guest for the less livin' and I'm tryna be forwards some givin', I'm givin' and livin', I'm dreamin' for the givin', I'm givin', I'm givin', I'm givin' and upliftin', I'm givin', I'm givin', I'm givin', upliftin', I'm givin', I'm givin', I'm givin', I'm givin', upliftin', I'm givin', I'm givin', I'm givin', upliftin', I'm givin', I'm givin', I'm givin', make 'em just give in. Thanksgiving, brother baker, yo, player, yo, yo, family lover, yo, we gettin' that back together, we grizzlin', yo, we here the whole thing, yo, we let everybody in, yo, everybody's twistin' and poppin', shavin' and bustin', yo, jump in, yo, partyin', let all the let all s- people, people who s- just kiddin', man. They not really that wild though, but they wild so they have to go out and act a f- f- well, th- act a fool so, just for a minute though, it's Thanksgiving, been a while yo, so let it all hang out, let it all bounce out. Be crazy, be awes-ful, yo, be out have not wasteful, be playful, be the way you ought to be, be playful. Playful as the handful of people in life. The thankful, thankful, wakeful in life is thankful, handful of people lakeful in life. The thankful, is handful, lakeful, grateful in life, thankful in life, prayerful in life, prayerful and thankful and rightful in life, meaningful life, it was a meaningful to do right. It was meaningful and thankful to live life and do right. Meaningful and thankful to do right. Meaningful and thankful and meaningful to do right. Prayerfully and thankfully meaningful to do right. I have to do delightful righteousness, confidence to do my purpose. Consciousness, loveliness to do my purpose. Consciousness, purpose, filial piety, consciousness, yo, passionately, yo, meaningful to do my purpose. Uh, the Lord has much merciful on my purpose, yo, and on my confidence, I'm in a cheerful mind and mood, yo. It's all tap to communicate and also motivate, self-motivate and after di- grab on the navigation device, like twice, luminate the interrogation, yo. I got this, uh, liquidation of all this certain crypto investments for a secondary moment, I have to grab the liquidate, I gotta grab it up, we're about to do this stuff, Buttercup, honey, mo' money, we goin' to get it on the way. We got the housebreaker, baby, get it on without play. I got it on the rumor, I got it on a loop, I got it on the g- we going to get it, new suit way, we going to new start, we're going to scrape it like a skyscraper in the skyway, highway, byway, did you even know how the pow dude say? Yo, we gonna go and find a new playdate, people taking c- painkillers, people on the boast board tryna be chill like a caterpillar in the winter, laid out in a blizzard, straight up cold for dinner, but I ain't with that, we can warm it up, we can chill with it when we can hold it up, we can do it right, do it wrong, I choose to do it right. Yo, all along, you can hold it there with it in your hand, you seem eligible to be acting acceptable in the way that they want you to be dressin' and actin' and talkin' and thinkin' and caressin' and talkin', cultivate your mind in words of en- energy, intermediably, minor syllably, I'm in a zip- a pitfall stairwell energy mind-making finished speed, yo, distinguished speakin'. Feminists, feminists and legitimists get, don't give it legitimacy to the Danish femininist, they tryna chill with Aunt Phyllis just for a minute and optimal, optimal, I gotta go to the new town hall temple. Yo, they want to see a feminist there who gonna be a linguist to teach Yiddish there. Yo, they got a feminist there teachin' Yiddish and a linguist, oh. They got a feminist there teachin' linguist and a F- Yiddish, so on a rainwo- on a rainbow, did you even heard the way the thing go? The dude wanna be a leprechaun, that's how we want to think down the whole swamp, I didn't know a duckweed with a tumble buckwheat with a hogweed, yo, a godspeed, yo, it's the super found, super profound, super sound, yo, it's all around with my swag and my voice, with my swag and my speed, with my spaz, swag and my creed. Yo, dreamland, yo, sweet. That's sweet with my free hand holding the Bible up and my free hand gonna hold up the Bible upGreen land, going to walk in my homeland. In a green land, going to walk to a wetland, grassland, chilling in the homeland. Maryland, big up to Maryland. All day in the timber way, we're gonna go outside and gonna get it our way, but not right away. Chill by the undertone. People got way too much soy, soy boy. Feminist girl, estrogen hormone. Big up your own testosterone. Big up your own testosterone. Big up your own testosterone. Big up your own testosterone. Big up your own, big up your own. Big up your own testosterone. Big up your own. Mm. Papi on the beat. Uh-huh. Yeah. That was action. They was picking blah. Yeah, strangers, strangers. Mandatory to wear a face mask. They was questioning whether you, you have a problem with your respiratory. Yo, when that Donald Trump came out and said, "Eat a strawberry, everything would be fine. Y- there's no reason to go cognitively into a decline. All you needly to do is take out the strawberry to improve, to stop, to block the COVIDedical 19 progress." Explore remarity, yo, whatever they want to wackly, wackly do. Wackly, wackly, wackly do. Wackly, wackly, wackly do. Wackly, wackly, wackly do. Wackly, wackly, wackly do. Wackly, wackly, wackly do. Wear them with they baggy pants, back in the days, waxing out their face, different place, with the Maggie in the place. Shaggy dog, putting it in unhappy in his paw with the dog. After all, you my dog, you my paw, you my hog. Yo, chilling it with a fatty. I'm here s- looki- working hard, trying to get sweaty with P. Diddy, uh, P. Daddy. Dude is trying to chill with other dudes and their daddies. He loves it. He loves to get it hype. He love to get it all good. He love to get it all nice. Yeah, I'm going to Acme. I'm going to go and get some spaghetti. Yo, and linguine, and also shrimp heads. I'm going to have to get it chilled with a .......................... Let me get the piled wild pork. Yo, wild, wild hog. Wild, wild hog. Did you get that whole hog, whole hog? This shit was chilling, yo. I'm the underdog here, like Charles Schwab back in the old days. It's me, Sam Russell in a new place, but I don't have to use my rockets, my rockets. I just chill in an offset section of the who knows chess game, chess plays, chess ways. Nobody knew the same. You can try to come and contest and come and con- test. You can see, get out an interest. Making more money to impress. Making more money so you can invest. Making even more money to impress. Making even more money for you to invest. Making even more money, though, to impress. Making even more money to invest. Making more money to, though, go impress. Going to make more money to invest. Making more, more money to invest to progress. Have to go and hold the vest, holding it down, running around, running around. . Mm. Running around. Running around, running around. Running around above the ground. Yo, we got to head out. Yo, we got to head home. People is acting like they on, oh, don't know what to go, or the need, what the speed was when they counting all they re-amounting to they surprising places. They take a new hau- they take a new laundry detergent with it. Yo, they also worried about hauntings and ghosts, sightings that's been going back for r- rumors of people talking and chanting foreuses, they talk in different darkess, yo, darkness, but there's not really shit. All this darkness, but they ain't really having it. Yo, the new ones, yo, they called, but it's just the old ways of being soft, uh, in the Lord's eyes. You got to be hot or cold with the Lord is surprised. Yo, we hot with it, and we hot, too. All you whack evil s- spirits is cold, and we know it already was. Yo, they have to go knock down any be- bu- uh, Bible bub, uh, Bible head, and then he keeping, yo, keep the evil dead. Let the dead bury the dead. I don't know exactly what it meant, but I knew that I had to go into the bottom to sets, talk to, ask a redneck. The redneck broke it down to a w- crucial way. The redneck also, he, he was like, "Yo, the Lord, let me explain," and then he put on a turtleneck and blew my brain. I was like, "You're the most, uh, sophisticated redneck with a turtleneck that I ever did have to quick step in the back room to try to... Yo, you, yo, you big me up, man." Yo, the guy was like, "Perfect. Yo. Perfect, perfect, perfect. Let me just tell you from, from my percentage, from my understanding, and it's time for me to interconnect, yo, connect with the internet through my head without even connecting with Bluetooth walking." He's giving out a Bluetooth signal. He knows what the deal, yo. He got hit up with the 19 shot, though. Yo, it how it be, indexing, multiplexing, syntaxing, prince of peace and principality. Yo, it was the prince of peace. Yo, it was every time is the holiest and the best-um thing. You can give your life to the Lord as King, King of Kings, to the King of Kings. Give your whole life to the Lord, the King of Kings, the Lord of-The King of Kings, the Prince of Peace. Yo. Or, people could sit around on the flat Earth, watching videos, talking about dumb stuff. Yo, and propaganda. Come back to the ways, come back to the words, come back to the Word of the Lord and finish the beginning. Begin it for beginners, finish what you started when you was an optimist. Come back and replenish, come back and rev- views your distinctiveness and energize it. Yo, clean like a hygienist when she clean it. I'm keeping it real warm like it was when it was heated. Yo, it was heated. I started to act crazy, like I was needed. Dude was hating on me, dude was acting thick, he was fading on me. But I, I took, I waited for a moment. I realized, I don't know what I was talking about, though. Like, like, you know what I'm saying? Like, professors type stuff. You know. Profession, he had professed, professed my picturesque ways, have to count out my new phras unashamedly, unashamedly. Yo, he... Michael Jordan unashamedly used to rock the, uh, the Hanes underwears and also the, the Fruit of the Loom underwear. And the Hanes, it became the saints of the New Orleans place to have to go run the ball without profanity. I had a propensity to use my angular, yo, thoughts, with granularity, increasing out my word's popularity. Word it out, word it out, making my new rap city, yo, spitting words for different humanity to come together and start jumping up on the dance floor. No reason to have to suggest you could do mo', Bimbi Mo, don't get even arrested. This is a time for you to allow your professionalism to shine. Yo, depersonalize, also normalize your gentlemanly ways, visualize how a gentleman would plays, visualize how a gentleman would says. Go around and localize, decentralize the money situation, now it's honey baby, milking maybes, have them making the babies. Go and analyze the situation going crazy. People across the world, yo, people across the world, people across the world, people across the world, people across the world, people across the world, people across the world, people across the world, people across the world, people across the world, people across the world, people across the world, people across the world, people across the world, people across the world, people across the world. Univer- liese, univer- liese it, hypnotize it together. All together, we can all ch- carry much better together forever if we all work together. Proficiency, initially I thought you were speaking of increasing our internal efficiency, but I saw that she had a mental deficiency. She was only tripping about her credit, see? About her credit. Yo, content- yo, I had a contingent offer making way more money, was better than chilling with this dude after work. The dude was crazy, he would never stop talking, it was like, I didn't want to be a jerk and be like, I'm, yo, you're from Gloucester, New Jersey, I'm Christopher from Vineland, I gotta bounce with it, I gotta leave. Yo, Lancaster, made new composure, making up new posters, making up money, closure, have to hold a dude situation, collard greens, make it clean, I'm the governor of the whole damn thing, the universal United States, the dollars, the dollars, United States, it's the dollars, the dollars, United States states, it's the dollars, the dollars, United States states, it's the dollars, the scholars. Scholars and I hear on O'Connor, on O'Connor show, have got to go, have to go and disclose the whole United Pro, United Team, have to go and keep my words clean and d- densely profile the staples, have to chill with the whole n- negangelist, yo, evangelists, innegotiable, the tree of knowledgeable, instrumentable, yo, catch it out acutely, proficiently, I'm out here with the profits and profits, profits that profit, profits that profit, yo, profits that profit, Massachusetts don't know shit, profits a prophet, Davy D- Davyd and Crocket, prophets and profit, Davids and Crocket, only three years old, give him a bone and he going out in the snow to chill with the bears and go. Mm. Microphone. Microphone check a one-two, hun-two, microphone, styrofoam megaphone, here I gone, here we gone, here we gone, chromosome in the head, don't know what to do, hold your dome, hold it on, here we go, here we gone, put on your earphone. It's a marathon. It's a marathon. Get on your grindstone, it's a marathon. It's going to be a long time before we get to stop, you get your chromosome up, chromosome up, got the metrotone going back and forth in my head, trying to keep the whole world, keep it real slow instead, not trying to flip like a tablespoon of honey. It's a doggone marathon, honey. We going to run for a long, long while, going to run through the desert for a long wh- while still, even though a few done flipped third did the dessert, going to assert, yo, my excerpt situation. New demonstration, kilowatts, energy, situation, many plantations growing all the different tastes and masons, yo, and the Freemasons running around with they different plantations, plantations. It was them from the beginning, it's like, I don't know that's the truth, I'm just saying it was a-Frigidaire. How you going to go there? Pointing fingers at that secret cult that does all this wack stuff. How you even know if it was really acting that irrational? I don't really but I know that they think, you know. I don't really but I know they think a lot of silly type stuff and then ancient type stuff. They think that different commandments will help them in advancement in life so they're super dependent. Contentment, get up on it like a superintendent given an order to command you like lieutenants up in the deal, up in a squeal. You can get on this attachment in my email alignment was never unquestioned. It's a new time and time before the pleasant refinement of skills while we going. Now we training for a merchant. We training for training to be perfect. We training for the new emergent. We training to be the white bride of Christ when he returns. It was planetarium wave, when it was load plane we on the base load download come out with your tail coat clean. Flying about, you, you, you went to hit the wave the most now you come up close. Then it's keynote speaker afloat. The whole globe don't know. Turncoat situation the plan did you even glance back at a man for a minute to ask and say thank you for the dance and slang? I'm just playing. Did you even know the words that I'm saying? Planet shit check out my baguette handset phone. I did as good. Yo, embedded even thoughts into me. Trying to drive, drive down the street in my new Corvette Sett. Yo, Caprice instead. People want to see my biceps, that's what's up. I'm a minuteman, minuteman and my wag get supreme silhouette it's just a dream. Have to go and cut out yo my plank holders don't know my planted in this thing, yo. I got this transplant debt with the money grower. Plant transfer plant the transplant to death to a money growing tree in Hisco and Frisco did you even know that this go waited with the life insurance and credit cards. This eggplant head he can't understand too much. After I had his chance at the whole grand plan, did you even clamp down on the situation now? Sweatpants. Dude was trying to jump into another dance but couldn't find a wondrous way to wonderland it in. He couldn't find his way back to the place he started at. Uh, uh, once. Uh, once, once amongst, once amongst all these language brilliant genius. Once a month, once a month, once I'm amongst, once I'm amongst yo people had a different disturbance to embrace a different old way. Had to come from a place I didn't know, didn't feel, didn't really congeal. Had to run the new, yo, whole deal situation. I'm in growing so fast like the Lord wants me to do. I'm being called to do much more salvation, for way more cleanly growing up in a wide world. Doing, living, and living in the light. Living for Christ. Living carrying crosses. Carrying helping others be the bosses of their, you know, of their, of their temptations and of the evil one. Bossing them for fun. Bossing the evil one across the room knocking him in his head. Count exile to doom. Exile out the way in the Lord Jesus Christ exiles Satan and his ways. Exile him away Jesus Christ in his name. Jesus Christ in saying, exiled the evil one and his wicked spirits far away from me exiled. They cannot come back. They can't talk back. And they cannot try to come back through other people and things. They can't try to tempt me through my friends, associates, or any other one that comes within 300 feet of me. Nobody in my contacts, in my cell phone, nobody in my contacts, in my emails. Nobody that goes even touch my fingernails and any time across the street. Yo, all that stuff is going to be discreetly tied up and caught down contained and to a thousand, yo, a thousand days in the Lord. The, the damn things are all just squished up in the lakes of fire and mixed up, mushed up, mixed out. Yo, who going to, yo, in Jesus Christ I thank you now. Yo, I'm running around big enough, uh, building up calories and MCs. People have to be an MC. One, you have to get the rhymes you don't know, you don't feel, you don't see. I'm just trying to ride, yo. The Lord came back on a donkey, yo, because he is humbly, he's coming humbly, yo. He's humble. He's always with the humbleness. He's not promoting egotistical, egotistical ego stuff. Show, always showing the consciousness, yo. Uh, Arabian headdress was not what we going to class but the dude had a Leningrad, yo, Mitt Romney coming for breakfast. Mitt Romney suddenly here at our breakfast at Perkins. Dude, why are you jerking me around? Who am I supposed to have breakfast at Perkins for a minute ago? Dude was talking. I had gotten more deals than I knew what to do. Reluctantly speaking, talking instantly now I'm running, now I'm getting, now I'm lumping, now we bumping, now we know. Having any flow round and you go. Money flow now we know and how we go surely so. And we're gonna be in a run row, run roll. Hold up, yo, it's egg roll. Gonna go and get it. Gonna go and fly with it. Going to go and get it baby. Gonna go and run honey. Uh, and it's like that. Gonna have to go and taste cats. Gonna go and make that. Apex predator, apex predator. Yo, yo, chiller in the daytime with the thriller. Michael Jackson and uh hog weed. Michael Jackson and uh range land. Michael Jackson and his flunky in his baggy ass pants. Running in the frogs, running with them logs, running with it, running and cunning, nobody coming, now we're gonna have to be studying, boarding for rum and now we're gonna be pumping these new type of rap beats. Running and scrumbling, these new type of rap beats. I'm on this new endeavorous danger to try to get everybody out of harm's way. Air conditioning come. Climate change, climate change may come. It's true. Things do change at times. Changelessness, shapelessness, meaninglessness, carelessness. If you run around with change you have to get up your whole name.Ugh, man. I don't even know how these beats are, man. I honestly, uh, don't even know if I like it. Don't even know really how I feel about it. Don't know if I really even like it. Don't know how I really feel or feel about it. Shameless on a brainless people society, on a faceless, yo, guest list. Yo, social media's tasteless, leaving people, destroying people blameless, leaving it. Life is aimless. Shameless, brainless people on social media is tasteless and leaving people brokenhearted, but blameless, them spineless bastards. Yo, it's shameless with all these brainless people on social media, yo, hurting each other with blameless and aimless ways. Spineless place. It's relentless how these, yo, these nerds act. Yo, time and time again, how they act, time and time again. It's shameless how these brainless people on them internet and social media people act when they is spineless, acting in aimless ways, when they is spineless, saying aimless claims, when they spineless, saying aimless ways, when they're spineless, saying aimless claim. They mindless. They're mindless 'cause they brainless. They mindless 'cause they straight brainless. They mindless 'cause they brainless. They shameless 'cause they mindless. They mindless because they brainless. They relentless because they mindless. They mindless because they brainless. That's why they shameless. They tasteless 'cause they shameless. They shameless 'cause they mindless 'cause they brainless. They relentless, how they gonna come and test this? They wanna talk things, but they don't even know. Just let it go. Give 'em the grace. Give 'em a grace. Give 'em a, just let it go. Just let it go. How they gonna know if they is brainless and brain mindfulness and they don't know shit? Hame- shamefulness, yo, they shameless, brainless. That's why they br- don't know anything at all. They aimless and spineless. They come and talk so much trash on the internet, social medias, because they shameless in their ways and tasteless and strange. Tasteless and strange. Wireless signal, making wireless dinners. Wireless signal making people act funny and stranger. Sam Russell on the microphone, chillin' for different times, and whether it's warm or cold, I'm in a different tenedious people trying to get brainwashed from all the different stuff that they watch. Shameless from the brainwash. The brainless and mindless, that's why they blameless. People hurt, living lives as aimless. People hurt 'cause they got broke from blameless... They'd use words that were m- painless. They was hurtful and tasteless, but so they got to say shit that hurt people terribly so. They hurt young people that were in a vulnerable state for show. It was horrendous and tremendous of impact on lives, terribly so. Y'all people need to know how tedious it was to, uh, unpredict- unpredict and take them down through this dopamine, dopamine, dopamine. What's it called? It's a dopamine detox. A dopamine detox. Change over, come everybody, and then closure, turn it over. You can do it, you can do it. Hang over. Hang over, baby. You can hang over, baby, honey. You can do it, sugar. You can make it. You can rock and roast it. You can post it. Yo, you can chill. You can chill. You can go around with the real. Photograph. Photo. Photochemically, composition is metally. I'm in a competition, and I'm going at it already. Yo, my compensation is undeterminable. When I come out the underside, yo, learnable and flammable. No detergent. I'm having the one around, yo, using my lyrical specialist, technical and tangible words, hysterically understanding the verbs. Electrolon, Sam Russell on a micro- micro- micropaleontologist, with the phenomenon of collection artists, making up different money with receptionists. Inception, the movie. Sam Russell making corrections, directions. Yo, I'm into making a connectedness. Connectedness, an input connectedness, input connectedness. Rounding the corners, rounding them out, running around the bending orders. Nobody knowing now. Yo, people was getting hounded down by all the different surrounding dogs that was hounding and trying to hound me down. It's astounding how I can run through the grass and no one gonna find me. Yo, nobody gonna even go. I'm hiding out by the water fountain. Yo, the dogs are trying to lounge in, but they just can't even cut to find my scent because I done jumped in the main spring and printing and overriding the even ways that I'm songwriting. Representing and penning, playing. Nobody even understand what I'm saying. Yo, I'm wanting to jump into a brand new place, flying through the sky like lightning, inciting, spotlighting, commanding. Notwithstanding, I'm joyriding through the skies like the Wonder Woman, but I'm a wonderful guy. I don't need to be a girl to fly through the sky. I'm just saying, I'm just saying. I'm trying, hunting and chanting, the planting of the, my new seeds all over the new breeze. The whole keys, I got the keys in the pocket, so seized. Yo, we just chilled. Everybody stay put, so freeze. Freeze for a minute. I got the keys for a moment. How chilling I was. Freeze for a moment. I got the keys for you, got the sneeze for you, got the sneeze for you. Got the cheese, got the keys, I got the sneeze. I got the trees, I got the seized, all the cash. Brevity. Yo, graph incredibly growing. Prestige, nobody even knowing. Sheriff and Baptista, no one and I...Titter. Yo, that nobody knows whose sister that was. It could been out back the cluse, yo. We had to know what the whole thing was. Yeah. Uh. It's like a, a magical place to be, a new boat just be. I need to jump to another place to see. I didn't want to know how to going to be. Yo. My brain, it hurt head. I have to go and see the seabed, bend it big. Yo. My hurt, my head hurt just a little bit now. My head set and behead a little bit how? A little bit proud, a little bit, little bit seedling, little bit unfeeling, little bit, yo, freewheeling. My brain straight dealing words out. My brain be feeling straight ber- dealing it out. Yo. Sapling growing like a sheep skin, breeding. Yo. All over cleaning, all over the world, all over the places. Seedy. Yo. People's excuses were feebly, not really kinda strong but weak. Yo. The treaty was more of an armistice than a straight peace speak. Prince of peace may grant us everlasting peace. Yo. Beachy, I'm on the phone with Mike Sweeney, seeing the whole new places that we be sneak and sneak and sleeping. Yo. Freezing all the old commotion. Yo. We got the whole town knowing the conceal, to combine. We have to go and take the f- sword and wield it all the time. I'm seeing n' stealing places in the no plast. Sea water res- sea water, sea water. Clear water ho. Clear water so. Clear water to deceive. To conceive. To deceive. It came down bright right now. Had tried to squeeze that vibe so had to heard, had to hear, had to freeze. Had to squeeze. Had to squeeze. Had to breathe. Had to squeeze. Had to breathe. So had to breathe. Had to breathe. Had to breathe. As I got squeezed, as I got too squeezed. When I got squeezed, I received. I got scared. I misconceived. I thought I was in the death breath. I th- I couldn't even breathe again. I thought it was all I had left. I got too old, I got scold, I got scared, I got cold, I got worried, uh, that was gonna freeze my breath down to nothing. Would come back dead, empty as an oven. Yo, with nothing going on or coming out. The decease and the deceased was going on then now. In my mind, it was just the thief. You always must sound ready, prepared to do standing to the east, to the west, toward the north, to the south. I got ex- expertise on this stuff right now. And I'm coming with them words 'cause I'm all alone. Except for the Holy Spirit in my zone. And I'm staying at home right now with my rap tunes and my rap vibes and it's how it's going to be a race way to the ridge way. We gotta all stand and g- uh, help represent the God's way. Yo, and do it, and have our feet shown to it, walkway, go straight away to the right place. You know if you come to a doorway, you knock, it shall be open. Yo. No place knowing. Yo. We hid in upper fields. Yo. Spoken out loud, misbegotten, prudent, omnipotent, and omniscient, the Lord, the Most High God, thereupon when. Yo. He had spoken and created the whole world into existence. That that is seen, that that is unseen. No, regardless, yo, the Lord has created his kingdom done cum, cum, cas- is content. We are creating his kingdom. We are, his kingdom is coming. It's our job to be ready as the Lord's bride. Yo. We want to be his claim and becoming, and to the Christ body, thickening, thickening even more. Yo. The, uh, we opening up the parishioners, practitioners of Christianity- That's what's up. ... learning out different scriptures and also planning how to get even more holy than throughout the neighborhood and exists i- and also the community. Help, help somebody. Somebody's a brand new player. Brand new body just got saved to the... Yo. Somebody is now pro- claiming Christ and now some, some wack spirit is don't seem right. You know? It's like as soon as he found the light, some pro- some, some drama's got some dark, some problem. You know what I mean? Yo. Oh. Damn. Bob Ross. Bob Ross is. Bob Ross. Bob Ross is a good dude. You should look him up on YouTube. That's B-O-B R-O-S-S, Bob Ross. You can see how he gonna floss on a canvas and pran- paint. He's a painting type of guy. Paintbrush, paintbrush, I got to know, I gotta know how to thrust at my paintbrush so I can do my handcuff, my golden handcuffs out of my airbrush. Back in the young school, man, I had to change my toothbrush every 30 days 'cause I didn't want it to get too nasty. My mom was like, "That's a waste of money, son. That's why we gonna go boil it up instead, eh. But it's a good idea to kill all the bacteria on the toothbrush." And I was only, like, five years old. I was like, "Ma, Mom, we need to kill the germ, bomb, bomb, bomb." All that, all them John burn, burn, uh, those, uh, you know? Uh. Sometimes I get tongue twisted, sometimes I get even more lifted. Sometimes I get tongue twisted, sometimes I get even more lifted.Sometimes I get twisted. Sometimes I get even more lifted. Sometimes I get twisted. Sometimes I get even more lifted. Words restricted. People admitting that they had been c- convicted for speaking the truth and now that they is being all committed to prison sentencing and jails without they hadn't been, even been doing anything necessarily, or even violently except, yo, they was addicted to the truth. Addicted to speaking things from the heart, from the truth. They was addicted to the truth, addicted to speaking from the heart and from the truth. All they had done was committed or they had spoken their words that they had was restricted, they was not permitted to speak out from the heart. Yo, they admitted that they was gifted. They admitted that they had kindred. They admitted that they spoke the truth to them and they was not afraid to be convicted, yo, to go to a jail. They was addicted to love, the love of their kindred. They're not going to lie, yo. They're not going to lie like these other people that is lying around, laying around, playing around, laying around, playing around, laying around. What? Inhabited situation going to be out of situation. Prophet, closet, yo. Composite. Yo, I came from another place. Electronic store. Profusely known. Acutely measured up. Vicariously. Yo, vigorously. I'm in the zone at the gym reoccurringly picking up many more stacks of recurringly. Yo, plates and plates and stacking them on my breastplates. Pressure no matter, whoever, whoever can never, can never even try to get me up on this new spacecraft. I'm flying around with my planetarium and my solarium. Yo, Ethereum. I'm bigging up my Bitcoin. Modernism. Microphone. Telephone. Saxophone. Sam Russell never be alone. I'm always in the zone with the Holy Spirit. Inhospitable. Charit- charitable. The Holy Spirit is super charitable. The inhospitable part is the other side that we don't even want to talk to because they're our lovingness and our givingness and our connection to Christ, the Lord and Most High is actually indefatigable. Indefatigable. We never run out of energy. Super marathon energy. Right. Say it. Word. What's up? What up? What's up? Yeah. What's up? What's up? How it up? What's up? What's up? How it up? What's up? How it up? What up? What up? That's what's up. How it up? That's what's up. How you do? What's up? That's what's up. Going to struck. That's what up, yo. How you going to grow up? That time, time to deduct. Time to deduct. We in the club, that's what's up. It's time to deduct. We in the deluxe. We going to the club. That's how, how we going to run amok. Run amok up in the club, no matter what. We have to go and be an upbeat. Yo, we go and chill with Godspeed. Off to being nobody new pontiffs. Yo, there's no more time for this contiguous c- containment. I'm upheld my words and used out my, spelled out my ceiling. Yo, spilled out, yo, my mission statement to uphold. Don't buy no XRP is stronghold. I'm going to give it up. I'm going to buy it up twenty-fold and sell it at twenty-fold as high. That's what I mean to say. And when it goes up, yo, twenty-fold, we going to go and we'll get it back, then give it back our monies. Uppingham killing a man. Why is he even trying to kill him if it's not in self-defense? Dude maybe having c- mixed up with me with somebody in Afghanistan or Pakistan. I ain't really running like that, I'm with the minutemen. Yo, we on, it's a strange land. I'm a Sam Russell businessman. Yo, handle my brain, handle my be- handle my body. Handle my situation, Handle the circumstance. Handle my friends, handle the friends. Handle the sphere of influence. Handle the circumstances. Picture land, reinvent the situation. Bethlehem. Going to go and get recreation. Go and get a free hand, write down these notes in shorthand. Therefore, we going to go see the Son of Man when he come right back, back. When we going to see the Son of Man come right, right back. When we going to see the Son of Man come right, right back. When we going to see the Son of Man come right, right back. It's tempting but we know the Lord say that it will be like a thief in the night, so you don't be up way too night. You still have to sleep at night. Yo, it could be a situation, all right, a downwind for a minute worry about tomorrow which won't be, you know, destined but it doesn't mean that you have to, you know, get consumed with it, upturned, tossed about and blow off. Yo, have to tr- don't turn into a downturn. You have to be... It's unearned to do it like that. Just 'cause the world got shut down don't mean it got knocked down. Yo, we is in Middletown, Delaware. B- beware, there going to be a showdown before the good and evil. There going to be a showdown before the Lord's, God's people against the fake one, the false one. The fake one comes first. The fake and false one comes first, yo. The fake and false one comes first, so... Uh, tantamount, turn them out. Let it all out, let them all out. Let it out, let them all out. Let them out. Let it out. Let them out, let it all out. Wanderlust, go on and do stuff. Wanderlust, go and combust.Wanderlust, go on to combust. Wanderlust, yo, go and combust. Wanderlust, wanderlust, scandalous. Wanderlust, go and combust. Man, by lust. Scandalous. Wanderlust, go and defrost. The condiment. Yo, the condiment gonna stay focused. I purchased my new life insurance. Stay focused and purchase my new life insurance. I'm focused. Purchase my new life insurance. Life insurance. Take a new loan from it, buy a Microsoft investment. I'm playing. I'm not down with Bill Gate- Jack- whatever his name. Yo, he like a mollusk. He's got his head made out of clay, he in a bucket at the bottom of the barrel with all the other different shellfish. Yo, eating his head from down to his marrow of the bone. He got different fucking leeches on his head, just drilling s- uh, zoomed in, drilling through his bone till it's soft. Yo, I'm off to a new kiosk. That kind of new oxygen uptake, heartbreak. People need to upgrade their phone. No, don't wait. They trying to make your smartphone. They trying to make every object surveillance you apart, away, and even from your cellphone. You need to get up, yo. I need to clone the old ways of being home, the old ways of living alone, the old ways of demonstrate, orchestrated representation of responsibility and alleviation of unnecessarily needless suffering. We could all put our heads together just a little bit. I think that we can all concentrate on the old ways that w- had been made mistakes, and we can go to learn to circumvent them. We can learn to prom- promulgate the things that work instead of the things that didn't work so much. We should promulgate the things that work very so much and high. From interstate, from place to place. If he makes you illustrate and levitate way up, yo, way up in the sky, way up, way up, way up. Way up. Way up. Upturn. The dude came home super sunburned. Came back from the movie half learned. Came home from work with unearned, unearned money, but what he had learned was that he wanted to be a business person and overturn the whole s- darn situation. He don't want to return back to that stupid job no more. I don't blame him. When I heard Howard Stern for the first time, I was like, "This dude's a straight nerd." When I heard Howard Stern, he was a straight nerd. Situation and upsurge. Propagation. Submerge the ocean. Yo, we have to go and get the su- sub- submarine, supercharging it with other things. Skin gases, photo chemical relaxes, makes in the brain, chilling for a hole, man, a planetarium. That whole man that had to get an aquarium to see the fish in the sanitarium. Liberally, yo, the different kind of sortorium. I'm in an emporium position right now. I got a lot of credit money that we gotta unload somehow. Somehow. Somehow. Somehow. Forever and ever, somehow. Somehow. Somehow. Forever together. Forever together. Together forever, all together an aggressor. I love you my baby. You my best friend forever. I love you together forever. You my feather forever baby. We invest to make this money forever. No last, uh, no pressure whatsoever. Wheresoever we had Sylvester Stallone, was like the dude that never came home with no... He never came home with no drama following him home. Always came home with problems and shit. It's like, can't you just come, come home just a little bit sometimes, just a little bit more weathered, a little bit more measured, a little bit more chill, man? You know what I'm saying man? Man. Man. Yo. Manifest. Manifest ways. Manifest plays. Manifest days. Manifest days. It's the coldest. I got the gold crest. I got the gold crest on my gauntlets. I got the gold crest on my gauntlets. I request to be blessed by the p- Holy One immediately. Yo, I be pos- yo, those other people seem possessed, but we know that we is blessed by the greatest living god and the highest. Yo. Telecom and telecast seem to have spazzed out to a new region. Yo, telling people with the, uh, the frequents, the frequency, the contest. They was conquistadors using cell phones. Conquistadors, leaving people at home consistently, competently knocking people down with the new cell phone frequency. It's inconsistent. People didn't understand what the feeling of burning was. They had a tendency to think that the phone was just a normal thing, it would leave them alone, but they didn't know it was the first thing in the house, the worst thing a psychologist, a psychologist and now, yo, and, um, the lyricist, it was a geneticist said this shit was super not good for little kids. Yo, take them to the zoo. Take them to a zoologist, a dermatologist. I'm not trying to act like zoomologically, I'm on a Zoom call right now, I can't chill with you in Kalamimizoo. Do I presume? I assume on a Zoom call might be a b- make me look like a big buffoon. Samuel Andrew Esquire Calhoun. Yo, when the vampire lagoon, I'm dropping off all these, yo, silver vampires, knocking them down with the blessings of the Lord. Knocking them down, smashing them around, setting them on fire. He's sending out these raccoons on 'em, setting out these different, yo, lamp- perfumes on 'em made out of holy water. They don't even know how to handle 'em on this different... Killing vampires, destroying vampires. Destroying vampires and vampires. Destroying vampires. Destroying vampires. Destroying vampires. Destroying vampires. Destroying vampires. Destroying vampires. Destroying vampires. Destroying vampire. Vampire.Yo, it's like the thing in the lagoon. It's like a thing that landed right on the moon. That's like a thing in the swamp and lagoon. That's like a monster that landed up on the moon. Reese Witherspoon, I'm in a zoo. Zoologists, yo. I have to understand the socialist warriors that wants to be, zoologically speaking, phenomenologically, archeological speaking on ecology. Yo, the dude was trying to just see where he exposed the most. Yo, uh, exorbitantly, subsequently, your returns could expose the most. Taste and money and returns. You have an incompetent money manager at every turn. Consequently, you're not maximizing your risk, if it were, your tolerated earnings. We need to get you the greatest capital investments, the greatest cap- capitalist gains, strategize new things, coincidence, inhabitants. Yo, these words may be impermanent, but... Uh, yeah. Uh, admitted, yeah, I submit. I admit, I admit that, uh, I love to addict myself to excellence. I try not to munch. I have to try to have to chill just a little bit so much. Yo, I meant little chill. Damn, my head hurts for real. But you been freestyling for about 75 minutos, and you been digging up these new prototypes that are also persistent settlement. You're dropping much more with a betterment where the Lord has given us sacrament and all the nonbelievers, hot and cold, it was indifferent. Not all the non-believers. Multivalent, bi- bivalent, bivalent electro- electron- electronic cells. Bivalently speaking in the p orbital and dwelling in the probability states is people not taking Einstein's words too much serious. The dude bigged up with his cousin on a regular, yo, raceway. You don't want to go down to the Bill Gates gateway. He's trying to do some homo. He's trying to run with his people in a way I don't really know how to explain without sounding coarse or gallic- ga- you know, it puts me in a tough situation. I might have to jump off this rap and then my head is starting to hurt really. I might got maybe 40 or 50 more seconds and then I can stop at 70 minutes. 70 minutes is just fine. Maybe I should do it for t- I'll do it for 75 because 75 was my MITT rap that I was super fond of, and also her threw the hands up above. So I'm going to have to do it for five more, five more. And 30 seconds to show when I'm a-gonna stop. I listen to and I my heard the words go pop. Pop back with an attitude dance coming through up and down here with all this sense, yeah. Up and down with the wild goat dance every day, every day, and every day. Boost your potential, protect your bottom line. Boost your protection, protection is time. Boost your potential, protect your bottom line. Boost your potential, protection is time. Protect your loved ones. Protect your loved ones and protect your life. Protect your, boost your potential, protect your bottom line. Boost your potential, protect your bottom line. Planning for growth. Planning for growth. Let me see, let me see. Let me see. Uh, one strategy, how your policy premium payment going to work. You gotta have your pay policies, indices, executive benes- benefits, and business planning, supplemental saving, supplemental retirement tax advantage planning. Running around to get you the best vibes of long-term care and living benefits. Qualified long-term rider services and W products lets you spend them cash where you want it to be. You don't have to stay to a nursing home, you can be in Brazil. You can be anywhere and get the cash sent to you. They're not gonna bother you once the claim's been put through. They're just gonna send you the money every single month unless you contact them and say that's enough. And it comes off your death benefit which you don't have to pay back using it. You don't have to use your cash values, although you, you could. This is using the increase in death benefit as far as I'm understood. We're decreasing the cost. We are, we are making the insurance the most expensive using index universal life. We're buying the most insurance for the least, the least insurance for the most money and it's still way more than whole life. We'll have to check on this, won't we? Thank you. Uh-huh. One time, one, two, one time. Cross the line, cross the line, cross the line this time. Cross this line, cross this line, cross this line this time. Cross this line, cross this line, cross this line this timeCross this line this time. Cross this line this time. Cross the line this time. Cross the line. Cross the line this time. And this time... And this time. I only have 2 more minutes. There's not really that much I can do with it. I just have to stay semi-focused, as much as you can. Fixed interest strategy. Yo, that's what I try to be, as much d- diversity, inclusive, culpability, conservatism, index universal life, mutual fund. I'm making it. Are you other people out there? Some people think they've taken it, but they not really. They have to attract it. You have to go and get it. You have to keep your eggs in the basket. Don't run and get knocked down. Don't run into a straight wall unless you get up and bounce back immediate. Go and get up the new taste. Get up the new main dish. Get up the new face. Get up the vibes. Get up the lies. Knock them lies out to their surprise. Knock the lies out to their surprise. Go and get the new flavor, flavor, flavor. Go get the flavor, flavor. That's what I wants ta... Go add the flavor, flavor, that's how it's awestha. Go and get the flavor, flavor, flavor. Baby, baby. Baby behavior. Baby behavior. Baby behavior. Baby, baby, baby behavior. That's right, that's right. Baby behavior. Run now, it's an hour later. Yeah, yeah. How it go, how it know. I got 40 seconds to go. Only have 40 seconds to go. This is taking over the 50, 75 minute rap that had got knocked back, that was relabeled the MITT tracks. 75 minutes, now I got a new one, a better one, a new favorite one that I like way mo' and I'm gonna listen to it fo' sho. I'm gonna spread it around, chop it up and make way mo' video that I need to break quick to the quick GoPro. Da da la la la la la. Anabolic Beats.