Overbloom. Overblown in a flume of light, golden loom. Floating light in the air. We are prepared in the air balloon right now, don't be scared. We're not alone. Full grown. Monsoon is coming home faster with lobsters flying in the air and mobsters. People from the, uh, ... uh, banking department and teleprompters. Robotic waiters on the phone, robotic tell, cell phone people trying to run they own business, talking for the human beings in the customer service background. The robot it says that it cares about your business right now. The robot cares about your business and understands what it's like to wait and appreciates, it appreciates your p- human patience. The robot voice at AT&T, the robot voice at T-Mobile, uh, Verizon, Blue Cross Blue Shield, Bank of America, all of them around from west to left, from south to north, and all around. The real civilized world, as we would call it is getting crazy. Don't get caught up. Don't, don't become a deconstructor. Disrupting rhymes, disrupting marathons, running with Cahoons. We mic-ing monies like Amazons. Immediately, immediately more man fire is urgent now. We used to find ourselves surrounded by some whack tall crocodiles with other fire powers that we've been talking about in past days and other aspirations. And congregations of crocodile dudes was wandering, co-founding, trying to be making, talking about some crocodile type talk. Talking they croc- crocodi-croc talk. You know them, how them crocodiles do. You know how them crocodiles do. Crocodiles do. Them crocodiles pounding underwater, honest. Honestly, col- con- no, conistly making dollars originally in this life. It's just a slight of the star life as a businessman in an outer space. Handyman, Irish man, can you withstand Sam Russell from American on the East Coast, so as we call w- it, uh, occidental. Moving and grooving with the bass tips and the tip top bases in the treble. Transcendental experiences and experimental. Fundamentally l- er, em- we getting out the Medicare supplemental to the poly holders, candle holders, and this gaming card holders, shareholders moving boulders d- moving and haltered whack energy from people that had put it on their shoulders for years. Letting their children's children let their ... evaporate godivously, but melt it like Godiva chocolate automatically. We going into a different jambalaya type of safe- savory, tasty seafood going crazy all over the planet Earth. People love the taste from Alaska, Mahs- sockeye salmon, Alaskan salmon. Got charisma in North Carolina. We got the different scuba divers on this memoir. Knights of Templar, benchmark. Yo, coming ab- back from the Netherlands, we stop by Denmark just for a time in this backyard. You know what I'm saying? Crossing the oceans with all the gold, like the picture in Vanguard and all the pirates that run and rampart, running in a, to a disembark from they journeys as pirates, trying to run around. And get ... Actually, they're not running anywhere, they be floating in the waters. Floating, floating out in the ocean just like a pirate, trying to go chase people down and get the gold they get off their, their back. Cool. Like some Johnny Depp movie, they throwing hooks at the other boat with ropes and crossing ropes. Weatherly walking on the musically scene. Yo, this reservoir, how far can it go? I don't know, I just knew that it was new to this television screen right now, like an autograph they had on the back of a paper towel. Let me get my paragraph out. Don't even know if it would be evenly dope. Feel that on this seismograph, I'm feeling that shaking and all that sassafras tasting. Give the sunshine to the plant to give it the ability to chloroplast. In the past, when you look at different sports, you can see the backdraft of the athletes that go to different school, that go to different teams. Understand, yo, they get the first pick, they get the first pick. I'm gonna pick the most high Lord God on my side off the top of my first pick. And when I pick it first, that is required. Yo, some people's brains may be reinspired with the Holy Spirit coming to them and healing that show in their eyes. You're making them, uh, wide open to the spiritual side of life, to this things that occurred that we can't see, we just flying, floating in this ocean of life superbly. Floating like a hummingbird, floating in Fredericksburg, Virginia, where I come fro-The handiwork and that was like body work. I was lifting wei- weights after I was running afterwards on the treadmill outside. Yo, train to kill rhymes. Why? I don't know, but I gots to powerhouse it. Storehouse the thoughts. I have to be storehousing words and thoughts in my brain and get the porterhouse steaks with my words on it, just ready to get it heated up and the grill sparked up. Meanwhile, I'm marinating all my words and my thoughts, my sentences, visual imagery, movie. Charter house, smoke it like a porterhouse. Outside, uh, at Abid's house, at my house. Storehouse chilling. Me and Amy is making a million a month steadily for at least two or three or four. It's been a while now, couple years. But you get used to it after a while. You got to take a step back, Adonis style, just block everything out. You got to just get away from all the bomboclat and just have time, some time alone. Just time where we go hiking in the desert or time where we... You just got, you know, it's good to get away from everything sometimes. People got to get onto a boat house and just get off the, get off the grid, get out the city, get out the crazy. Get out the, get out the North Ades, the Barbados, get out the apparatus and just take off. Just take off and be out and vicious. Sand is not only portentous, portentous, tremendous. I ain't talk all this trash, but don't take shit bad. Hibiscus famously, heinously. What you trying to say? You trespass, don't trespass on me. Criss-crossing on the street, criss-crossing on the street. Hellaciously speaking, enter on mason. People are masons. Saga outside on the road. Saga outside, people they've been told. Barbecue type of tasting. Sail months, making loquacious their cases. It's a trade-off that we getting our time on. Making phone calls, get the welcome thrown of the overdraft. It's a contrast simulating ancient spacecraft anciently. We insurance agently, aligning and making ins- insurance assignments to all the insurance agents. Hustling, you find that we get independence. Now get off the grid, but just make the money overly coming in. It's the opposite of delinquent. We in patient to be paid with money emergent. Pay, divergently streams of money coming from all over differently angles automatically. Divergently, multiple angles of incoming money flow, of money flow and patiently grow. Intelligent people, they want to know fundamentally and mentally, it became to me. Sit down and let go of the judgementally department. Mentally speaking, we was on the assembly rhymes. It was accidentally came out in rhyme and rhymes. But it was a condit- coincidence in my life to transcend it, to going above and beyond it. Hippocampus in the brain light up like a candle and go and do it. Exponential money growing in the alphabet, knowing NASA in the backyard. People can breathe even better. In the beginning, they used to have asthma. Making money like Ivanson in the new heights like insurance zebra index. Deliciously on delexed samba on an island state tan. This weekend, we going out to Northeast on the Maryland. That's what we used to do back when we were living in the Bell- Wilmington or the Delaware. It was in, and that's when we started digging it up, making it 10 times as much money weekly as we used to. At the top of our game, we started to flip out the whole name. Flip out the game, making the game even more hustler. Making it times 100 more money, mo' a thousand times more income easily. But just by using the internet, that became a dreamland. To some people, it was fairy land. To some people, it mean money, Greenland, green land. The internet, we was got caught up in the YouTube like quicksand. Quicksand on the YouTube internet. Got caught up on it again. Maybe wanting to get on the Chinese news on every night in the business. I was on the X-22. It became a wasteland on the Netflix between me and you. They don't put that much tight shows on the TV anymo', more like propaganda for show. Didn't know about that. The content had became just trash. Just a demagation, uh, uh, a demonstration of the volcanoes that hot levitation momentos. Keeping your brain fresh, momento. Coming out from a ghetto allegro. Stages, allegro tempo. Out Italian Bambino on this waterline streaming. People on this Earth believing whatever they dreaming. Half the time, dream walking through life as sleepwalking through life. People haven't never met Michael Madoff on the sexual television of the gay TV making out-Scream. Michael Meadows and Daniel Lemons and whatever, uh, E-, uh, uh, Uh-M-M, DeGeneres or whatever they call them. S- I don't even understand. I'm more on that, like that Premo, more mellow, bar talk flow. Amy is, uh, she keep it tasty like a mar- marshmallow that come with linguistic prof- proficient precision. Keeping he- words healthy like physicians. Linguistically acquisition. Yo, we word, the words politicians. Words politicians giving you the art of a verbal description. Distinctively, we step out and without words, orange bottles prescription-ly and replacing all my ghetto thoughts with all my new way mo increasingly healthy thoughts on my traveling show that we know we go to explore the expedition. There's no restriction to going to the South Pole. That's our vision. Swimming with the giant blue whales eye to eye underneath the liver board that we hunt, but we wanna run. We want to go in them. That withs when we swim with the giant blue whale pack life juxtaposition next to the blue ice whales face and a position in life that most people never even seen on TV. That's just good swimming right there. You gotta swim. Everybody swims through life through repetition. Through repetition. Through repetition, we living a life. Become, we get even better like a tactician. Get out and break out of a prison. Mentally speaking, crispy crispin'. Yo, people want to enlist in. Some people say they don't even exist in the Earth that we ball spinning around through outer space on a globe Earth, on a globe Earth in outer space and near this outer sun and other midpoint moons that are globes too. And other gr- stuff and just, uh, is it's all made up and outer space is black, but there's nothing out there. It's just, it's so large, it... Look, as this is the giant magic trick I'm gonna try to use on you and start accusing all this big talk on you, make you feel just, w- they, me, could make you feel dumb, but we also want to make people feel just short, like they short. Like they can't even come close. Yo, the big bang was some random shit. Everything came from nothing shit. And we evolved from some, some dumbass alligators. We evolved from some dumbass frogs. You know what I'm saying? And trying to talk about we came from monkeys. Trying to talk about we came from, from butterflies. We came from some caterpillars that turned into butterflies that turned into some rabbits that turned, that turned out to turn into s- a rabbit turn into a, a dog, you know what I'm saying? Dog be running around for a long time, turn into a kangaroo. A kangaroo turn into like a baboon. Yo. That shit is crazy. You have to be a super stupid scientist high in the sky like a giant p- air balloon to even be fooled which for a minute, psychologically you need to see a psychiatrist if you didn't get a drift of all that giant dark scientist bullshit that they just missed. Just miss you, bye. But they was trying to consist of some s- dark shit, of some dibdilly dark, thought, well thought out. They think this shit well-ly and out. They bending it all the time. They bending it, uh, e- often and easily. They like to suspend the laws of the planet and the laws of truth and they overspend on their money for they fake girlfriends. Comedy is a God-send to the flat Earth planet. People need to be laughin' much of the time, often laughing, smiling. Don't even make a dent if life gets you. We just even laugh at it that they tried to even send some mail too. The mail, the, uh, l- envelope just bounces off your arm. It just makes you laugh. It's more like a compliment, you know, than it com- don't be complain... It's not an argument, it's more like an accomplishment that you got hit with a letter piece of mail that had a letter that somebody threw the ladder and it hit your arm, but they were trying to hurt you, but the letter was inside of the envelope, but you didn't even open it because you were pissed that they threw it at you So you don't even know what they do know. Comment at the bottom. Hand stand ups like a newsstand salesman. All the lefters want to do is up and turn things in a rainbow and go down and be li- and be living in some crazy suspension of time. Caught up, shut down, shut up in this crescendo of an ongoing Dr. Fauci limbo. Dr. Fauci limbo. We need to break out this Nintendo video game window. Blow it up like an arrow. Shoot it out with a laser tip like Rambo, blowing it all off. Knock the shits on off and Shinto fighting with raw words like kill bills and adverbs. My breath is fresh 'cause when I brush, I floss, and when I floss, I bars. And then I also use non-alcoholic Listerine and now I use my clean thumb and finger to rub my gums. Don't use the bristles in Brussels. It's not good. Also, it could have other bacterial strains that are still living on the tips. You don't want to rub it deep into your gum. Get me, grip? Yo, commando. Arnold Schwarzenegger. Glam-o, cam-po. Yo, David. He was in The Predator when he was knocking out with the alien, became a hunter, jumped off the side of the Niagara Falls, jumped in the cold water, whatever you want to call it... get at you. All this crew got knocked down and blown or knocked down or got cold. Before he couldn't believe, he wanted to conclude. He couldn't believe this shit. He couldn't lose. He came down in one-on-one and not groups. Tombs uniform, deformed and formed the CIA. Eligence, intelligence team was on the buckhorn. The back horn was knowns and known to mankind in the male-born, shell-born type of way. Know what I mean? Born Identity on the southeastern, southwestern Pacific region. Out that south rift they proceeding. I was going out to sea then. I walk and foretell. You could sell. You could also help yourselves a lot of time if you didn't undersell yourselves off. Or overwhelm yourselves off. After different doorbells off. Uh. They won't oversell or undersell yourselves off. That's right. I can foretell that your sells are gonna go and do very, very well. You can live through life in the limelight or you can live life in stealth. It's up to you how you want it dealt. It go in diff- different ways. But always do the good things in the music and the plays. Be the good person. Do live righteously. Give an abundance of yourself in this life and you'll be rewarded with wealth as the riches for ourselves as we believe to be well, we beseech to be a dumbbell, but we are Nobel immediately and then under the spell, like under the ocean, just like the kelp. Yo, we need some firepower immediately. I got the powder ball. We got the giant cannonball and the Powerball. Amy's at the back dancing with all that's different, announcing calls. Like they cooking up the cornflower, cauliflower. Doggy Snoop is a wallflower, blow it out like gunpowder. (instrumental music I'm a straight knight on a horse. Where's the squire? Where's the cellar? 'Cause I- I'm the seller. Where's the buyer? Big Richard Bandler and also Mr. Grinder were the first two pillars of NLP. Downstream of you and me, didn't know about the first dollar. Living out the collard green and squalor. Yo, Danny Pallor and Stephen Colbert don't know even Cingular is making money over here. Muscular, muscular tricular. Yo, fascicular. Keep life even simpler down to your waistline below your testicular. Controlled by a super controller in a video game back in the '80s. If you had a revolver in the Guns and Roses movie that was multi-popular, bipolar and crazy. But nowadays, you have to have at least three or four different breasts on your chest and have different tattoos on your face. And also say, have a crazy name like retarded, retarded, motherfucker. Crazy. Straight out crawler. Night agriculturalist. A traveler to the East, to the east traveler. Get on and straight to Boulderborn. Even if it didn't keep it colder, keep it warmer in circulation. Circulation. I got the ID caller. People trying to call me on my phone but they know that I'm busy like some telephone ballers. Raw, but it's a novelist. Never write this down. It's a space olympist. I'm gonna find a list like some... On the Michael Phelps. I've been be- flipping it. Yo, swimming this as quick as I can. Gotta be knocking down the younger men. Yo, growing it back heavily in the ocean like a giant Siberian forest. Maybe just growing abundantly, scientifically. It was just like a miraculous illusionist, a hypnotist. It just blew it off the charts. Perfectionist and receptionist style (instrumental music Uh. People wanted to talk about how he's heating it up like a arsonist. On the economics instantly they wanted to be on that Bitcoin steadily. And life insurance, IUL, you know them well. They got a lot of tax advantage styles that you want to get. You get paid to borrow money from yourself essentially. But it also hasn't cleared that benefit insurance to an aspect of it. And it does have an indexing features that you don't have to lose principal due to market conditions. It's o- it always grows up. It's on the evolution's part to try to talk all them jumps boys out up. Not on, um, Illuminati. Not on, on the balloon. On them cologne. I'm just up on the platoon. I'm in the zone on the lagoon. People didn't know we living, yo, on the moon. Afternoon, people get the life insurance on, they cliff diving. They cliff diving. But they signing before they jump out. The last show before they jumped out the window of the airplane, they sign up and they get... I don't know if I have the voided check, but they wrote their ac- down, the account number that was written down. He said he had it memorized. He said he had to s- we cut like a butter knife through butter. Bankroll. But w- with our blindfolds on. We know. We come from a young child hand, hand hold. Blindfold. Grow up in life. As that crystal beautiful damsel, DanelleArticulately speaking, articulately speaking. Take me back, take me back to Italy. I thank you for your hospitali... Your hospitality, your hospita... Your hospitalitably speaking. Very southern, southern style. Hospitalitatively speaking. People caught up in their Facebooks, social media. Digital drug addicts, digital alcoholics, digital stone cold killers, digital stone colds, digitally speaking. People are caught up in the digital world like some drugs style addiction. Digitally addicted, digitally addicted. Electronically, morphematically, people becoming elastically disconnected from their naturalized environment and their other human people walking around. The fastest zones of life, 65 mile per hour zones. Not even frantically looking at the traffic. Just wandering by like they stupid or hypnotized or retarded and whatever. I don't know, they're just caught up in their reality show of life on their iPhone. Ethically speaking, classically speaking, nobody was then even critically thinking at the time. They were con- trying to conquer and divide the country. They were trying to conquer and divide the country, using the government and the bureaucratically the different officials officially doing some legalistic shit. Uh, Nancy Pelosi whipped up all the, shit, all the papers in the back of the State of the Union Address. Theoretically, theoretically, the, the world, I mean, theoretically the left has a leg to stand on. Joe Biden is never gonna win the presidency. Why do people even believe the TV after they said Donald Trump wouldn't win? Like, you still believe and then Mueller, that didn't do shit? Oh, he's in re- you're gonna, uh, what's it called? You guys can't do shit. TV been lying again and again. And why do you believe this COVID? They lied about Trump being a Russian spy, they lied about, um, they lie daily. They lie what day it is. It'll be Wednesday, th- they'll lie to you and tell you it's Thursday. They have no shame. And they don't, they want you to have no shame. They want the people at home to live shamelessly, they want the people at home to put their values on the floor like the guns, like the rifles. Put your heart on the floor and step away and step back. Mainly is what they trying to be at and be real typically, and terrifically displayed. Sam Russel's ignatomically speaking, hygienically cleaning underwater. I got the underwater floss even faster with the craft coral flasks and the fluoropress. I got and keep my clean super nice and Super Vice Amy's been keeping my bites in even nicer, tidy spots. I don't have infected gums anymore. I brought the inflammation down times a hundred feet of floor. I brought my gums and got rid of them, all of them animals. You don't want to use the spokes on your brush when you're getting it, the Listerine, 'cause it could go get, you might have bacteria that survived on the spikes if you push it into the tissues of your gums. You want to rub it slowly with your fingers, it's way more softer on your tissue. Softer on your tissue. Unless you heat up, maybe if you anti sanitize, sanitize your, heat up your toothbrush in boiling water and actually inoculate it 1000%. And, but even still, I mean, you don't want to create all these micro, uh, cuts on your gums. It's not a good idea, especially if you're not putting the best things in your body. Boombastically, I'm the type of, type of clown that takes to be a straight up gymnast to try to catch me on my conquest. I just passed the hot Q test. I'm in the upper top of the top of the smartest, that's what the retarded, that's what the retarded enthusiasts said to me. Bereft and glance, I sat back and tried to not even laugh at the compelling back rest of this situation. I just keep it to myself and NASA, who claims they landed on the moon, but now they can't do it anymore. We lost the, we lost the technology in Alabama. We lost the technology to go to the moon for NASA back down in Alabama. They're trying to get the shit off, like, but they need the Viagra but they can't get it any mo. Even though it was like 60 or 70 or 100 years ago they were doing the mamba on the-They was doing the Mamba on the moon. Now they ain't doing nothing on the moon. Now they spending all the money talking about global warming, talking about different things, talking about doing things in computer screens. Space Force, I don't know what that is. Area 51, I don't know what that is. You know, Bill Gates with his needles, I don't know what that is except looking kind of crazy. I don't know what's up with that dude, Bezos, that dude's head's so clean it's like way more clean than way most. That dude must shave his head like four or five times a day. Maybe he's got like a robotically like he's got like a device that he puts on and it shaves his head perfectly clean like rice. Put the waters together, and the razor beam. I got my scanner. They scamming mother yuckers straight like in a ... straight like a grocery store. But I ain't down with that. We on that mother yucker straight break out to the woods mother yucker. Cleopatra, Sam, Russell, and Amy. We in straight out the Allegra to keep out the different feces in the air waves, but also to get rid of the allergies and other unrelated nervous system things. And Amy wanted to know how we could get on a own television show. I said, "Just pretend that you already have one and it's already easy, girlfriend." She's like, "What do you mean?" I was like, "Your life is just a dream. It's just a dream on some Disneyland on the weekend. Every day is Switzerland, Disneyland. And we in Merryland, Fairyland. And they pretend." I like to go down to the Middle Land, middle what's it called? Middletown, Delaware. And go to float like a balloon up in the sky as high as we want. And Las Vegas, they don't really know the real top status is to lay low and not even let them know. Your status even ranks even saying it on this show. The top status is to be invisibly, to be invisible. But meanwhile us n- n- normal people, normally I wouldn't be so flatersious and flirtatious. Tremendous on this microphone just playing in, in Alaska underwater. Brush my teeth three times a day. Bankrolling money blindfoldedly. Making money no matter what happen, our money's going up even just like the payroll. We banking all this gold like a cas- casserole. And this oven, we handling it, yo, articulately. Yo, meticulously making money and golden things and all types of rubies ridiculously. Deliberately planning this shit out. Deliberately planning it to include what if shit goes wrong somehow and if it, what bends down? Not even then. We making straight money and profits and straight dividends. You can pay yourself a bonus. It's a stipend. You can pay yourself as a dividend on the weekend. You need to contact your tax regulator, your tax man, your tax whatever, whoever. Yo, the cartel, the tax cartel is the Treasury Department of the United States. It's overwhelmed with people trying to stick these wealth, yo ... But, but it's, uh, you can change yourself. Don't worry about the world since you get the memo. You are yourself. You are the best ammo to change the, the outside world. You're the best ammo. You can do is to change yourself so you can be most hype, like on espresso to change yourself for the more quickly like Allegretto, playing it slow to the tempo. I'm on that cello. Easily swimming in the water with all the minnows and the fishes. They just fellows on this planet Earth that land up like on my dishes I'm ready to break out my forks and knives and the hoardest rashes. Tasty money. I go to cut it up. There's just a giant block of cash in the casino. Sam Rothstein and Golden Boy Joe Neutrino, we have to heat the shit up just to get the apple pie. Crystallize and best bambito this time. Yo, these ribs are perfectly tasted in this division on this concierto. I was in acquisition mode when I was on the ... Think they had prohibition in the United States a long time ago and tried to slow down the drinking people so, but didn't work. All it did was make it way more gangster to be riding and driving and sliding and surviving. It wasn't even way more theoretical lines, people required to have some money to buy it and all. People also was wired on the gambling and they was mentally disturbed. People was in, mentally impaired. They was gambling with money while they're mentally impaired. Flipping off their money like they don't even care. Take a bite out this fruit on this papaya like you don't even know it's there. Mentally in a maze, Fantasia. Raining so hard you think it's Asia and China. Horrific, Three Gorges, prolific languages, different array, different tastes like a jambalaya. I like to get the shrimp even more, more spicy than the beef inside the rices. I need to get just a little small part of the tomato even though it's not fast in my digestive tract. Neither was talking back to that bitch on the phone, Patricia, but whatever they said, they was, they weren't that nice to me immediately. I had to go set the tone of the beatTo be nice and described, nice and survived. We going to Jamaica this time. We're gonna go to a new place but not know the China or where we going, 'cause they wanna go cause a commotion. Different sneakers and different speakers. We get mad love without gloves, without fucking mask on our face. We get love in the streets when we walk around, because we don't fuck around. When you see us in our face, you can see how we smile 'cause we don't wear masks on our face. Yeah. Keeping this shit human, 2020. Yeah. Keeping this shit sweaty, keeping it human in 2020. Keeping it human in 2020. No need for the masks and gloves, masks, gloves. We just shove it to side, shove it on the side. Yo. They can pull it. Enough is enough. Enough is enough. We going out to the beach if we motherfucking want. All these yuckers that wanna protest and riot, looking for some crybabies. Actually, maybe they just paid. I think they just bluffing in they ways. I've seen more balls of steel from Buffy the Vampire than all you fit- w- all you krill in the ocean pretending you're tough. Antifa ain't a party, they just toasted and paid thugs. They paid under the table. They paid with cash. They paid with lobsters. They paid with stacks. They paid in Glou- Gloucester County, New Jersey, where all the helicopter pads. Jokester. People try to clobber me on the head, but I caught 'em in the middle of their jokester part 'em. Yo. I got 'em with my boxing game and boxed 'em. Knocked 'em with the teleprompter like Donald Trumped 'em in front of the newscast. Blockbuster couldn't stop how these mother yuckers wanna talk. But they didn't talk back after the rioting started. I had to get all my jackhammers so I could straight jack any mother yucker who be talking back on this marathon Amazon game. Floating in the whole- floating in the atmosphere like a halogen gas. Floating in the air like you want some s- uh, drinking some Adam Samuelsson beers. Floating in the air like you ate way too many macadamia nuts and you Harry and the Hendersons, just gone wild, just gone nuts. Y'all crazy living in the renaissance. Plus you got the iPhone, plus you got the Android, plus you got some other ticky tonka. We t- used to grew up with just ticky tonka. But y'all grow up knowing the whole business of the planet Earth, but you don't want to get your hands wet. You got to know it's a lot to take in, but just start s- smart- start small, man. Just pick one thing at a day. I'm gonna read a book for five minutes, and then I'm gonna wash my hands just in case there was any viruses on any pages. You gotta cover your spaces, bases, cover your spaces. That's the br- professional way. If you ever want to be in Congress, you gotta read at least five minutes a day. Got five minutes a day, bump it up to 10 minutes later. Wash your hands before you start reading, wash your hands after you start reading, when you on that level. Bump reading up to 15 minutes a day. That means you take a shower and before you even wash your hands and reading the book and wash them again. When you get to the tippy top level, you have to be reading in the shower with a Ziploc bag over the paper book. That way you are so clean. That way you're never even touching the book. The book is not even a Kindle. You could even try that, but you might get hit with some Wi-Fi technology radiation instead. It's way more superior, way more clean, way more articulate, way more conventional, way more recreational, way more intentional to have the paper book in the Ziploc bag, reading it in the shower so you don't get, be clean from any type of viruses that could be lurking, lurking. Who, what type of king his name is lurk? I ain't never heard a king with a dude named talking hurt. Lurking. Who be lurking? The king of lurk? The king of lurk? Y'all some jerk. Flipped out. Y'all's people's brains have been dried out like jerky, straight out turkey and different, different tapes, different types, different ways directionally. People want to go to cow vocation now. I like to add it up, but even better additionally, multiply times, times tables are stunningly better than adding. You can add 12 times 12 and you get 24, but 12 times 12 equals 144. Feed me, seed me, see me, buy. Yo. I can do it like that, man. 13 plus 13 is 26. 13 times 13 is 169 on the dot. Give me some. See me, see me, yah mean? Yo. 15 plus 15 equals 30, but 15 plus 15, I'll show y'all some math tricks while we at this. You can easily add this, all the numbers from zero to ten, you can add them easily up and I'll tell you how to do it in less than five seconds. Here we go. The number ten is ten, and all the others you just combine. You combine the one with the nine, the two with the eight, the three with the seven, and the six with the four. Boom. So all you did is you go one is, you know, one is ten, two is ten.So you got five in the middle, so that's 45. And then you add the 10 'cause you said to include the 10, so that's 55. Yo, check me out. I'm gonna add all the numbers from one to 100, utilizing the same basic strategy. All we're gonna do is you add the number one to 99. That's 100. Then you add the number two to the number 98. You just keep pairing them up. All you do is you pair them up. You don't even have to go hand them up. This shit is ridiculous, man. When you get to like, 46, what's the opposite of 46 is 44. So, they all add up to 100. How many times do they add up to 100? I'ma set it like this. They add up to 100, 44 times, like I just said. So 44 times... 'Cause 44 plus 46 is a 100. So, 44 times, uh, is gonna be 100. So 44 to... What's 44 times 100? You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Yeah. What's 44 times 100? And then plus 100, 50, because you get 100 and then you have 50 laying in the middle that doesn't have a, a pair. So you gotta add one plus 99, two plus 98, three plus 97, four plus 96, five plus 95. And then each one's a 100... It's a 100 slot. It's a 100 pair. And one through... Even just the first, since it's a 100, every time you go through ten it's gonna be a 1000. See me? See me, mon? Yo, add it like this. One plus 99 is a 100. Two plus 98 is another a 100. That's 200 right there. You're gonna go through one through nine. See me? That's a 100 each time, or one through ten. One through... One through ten. So that is a 100 each time. So, ten plus times a 100 is a, a 1000. A 100 times... And all you do is adding the zero, man. You have a 100, and then it's ten, so you move the zero so it's a 1000, and then it goes up to 44. So, you know what I'm saying? You got 4,450. 4,450 plus the original hundred, 'cause I said add up the numbers one to a 100. So you got a 100 added in there. So when the answer is 4,400, you add the 50 'cause the 50 was the remaining in the middle with the lonely. You got 46 and 44 right next to 45. And they add up to a 100. See me? You got 43 and 47. They add up straight to... Nag, mon. They add up to 90... Nagam, mon. 15... It's all good. Anyway, the answer is 4,550. Raggamuffin. Yo, Sam, add up the numbers from one to a 1000. That's easy. That's straight up easy. It's easily done. All you do is, gonna apply the same basic mathematical methods. All in all, we could do it even more distinctly and differently. The answer's gonna generally be the same thing. All we're doing is there's another zero. See me? But last time it was, you add the first numbers, uh, one through ten. What did you get? 450. And then you add the numbers one to a 100. What did you get? 4,550. It's basically the same... It's actually the same thing, but you're carrying a zero, and then you gain 50 basis points of 50, because there's a middle slot. There's gonna be a number that the 50 doesn't meet, doesn't blend, doesn't pair to turn into another a 100. See me? Going on with, we're gonna add one to a 1000 unconsciously, not even using thought, the male unconscious, conscious brain, thoughtful mind calculator. The unconscious mind has a math program. That design was put inside in third and fourth and fifth and seventh and eighth and ninth and 10th, 11, 12th grade. Master in calculus, master in all these numbers. So, what's the deal, Sam? So the first time it was 450. The next time it was 4,500. So all you're doing is adding a zero. So this time it's going to be 45,000, 45,500, and 50. That's the answer, 4,550. Now see me? Yo. 12 times three is 36, divided by two is 18, divided by two is nine. Square root is three. The square root of three, you just take one to the outside as an indication that that's the mathematical intention, because no two numbers times themselves can equate. Three is a prime number, meaning it can't be broken down. It's a, it's a legendary number. When they say prime number, it's a legendary number, 'cause it can't be knocked down to other basic forms or different numbers. And it might sound like I'm being outnumbered here, but seriously, one is a legendary number, but not two. Two is not legendary, because it can be divided by two and a one. But three is another legendary number. Four is not another legendary number like two. It can just be divided by four... It can be, it can be divided by two to become a one.But number one and number three and number five, number five and number seven and -- are also magic numbers, but not the number nine. The number nine is not a prime number, 'cause you can divide it, you can divide it by three. And it becomes three again. But then, the number 11 is a prime number, because you can't divide it by three, it's close to 12. Ten's not prime, you can divide it by two, divide it by five, divide it by h- 2.5, divide it by however you want to. Ten's not prime. Right now, we got the legendary numbers, one, three, five, seven. Skip the eight, skip the nine, skip the ten. Legendary number, 11. A legendary number, 13. Legendary number, 17. Legendary number is 19. Legendary number is 23. Legendary number, legendary number, I think it's 29. No? Yes. I think yes. 29 is a legendary number. Uh, 31 is a legendary number. 33, you can di- divide by 11 and make three, and it's not the legendary number. 34. Is 32 a legendary number? You divide it by eight. No. 32 times four is 32. 32 is not a legendary number. 36 divided by six is six, not a legendary... 37, is that a legendary number? What can you divide by 37? 37's automatically a legendary number. You got seven in there too, that makes it a- more legendary. Like I said, the number one is legendary. Maybe that's the legendary right there. 11 was legendary. See me? Three is legendary. 13 was legendary. 17 was legendary. Seven is legendary. A- so that's how you know your legendary numbers. You just keep a- having numbers that add, end in one of them. At least for the first hundred. Then we're gonna go more deep into legendary numbers off the first hundred. But if they end in the number one, the number... Hold on. Yes. Those rules apply, I think, for the first 99 integers this time, but see me on the number 111. If you divide it by 11, it come out to 10. I think that the, those rules may apply. Actually, we can take the... I know how we can figure it out. Those rules apply to the first numbers one to 100, is if they end in the number one, three, or seven, but that's it. Uh, oh, I'm sorry, five is also a legendary number, but not on the out- not when you... Only in the first, within the first nine digits. Nine's not legendary divided by three, it's three. Eight's not legendary divided by two, it's four; divided by two, it's two. Four's not legendary divided by two, it's two. Two's not legen- legendary. So you got one, three, five, and seven are legendary on the first ten floor, numbers one through nine. Then what's legendary, ten's not legendary divided by five, it turns into two. Or 10 divided by, whatever, man. Anyway, back to 11. That ends in one, like the first legendary one. That's, you can't mess with that. 12's not legendary, you can divide it by four or six. The two numbers that add up to it were two. Then you got 12, you can divide it by six, divide it by four, divide it by two. 13 is legendary. You can't mess with 11, 13. 14, you can divide by seven, which is a legendary number, but it's still dividable, so it's not legendary. And then you got 15, which ends in five, but you can divide it by five to get three. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. We're doing a... There's, there's diff- You got legendary and then we can do the epic numbers, because epic numbers, I think, they're d- they're, they're badass numbers, but they're not as nice as legendary numbers. Man. Legendary numbers aren't to be messed with. You, like, let me s- the number, uh, 30, 93 is not legendary, because you can multiply it times 31. 31 times three is 93. That's what I just said. Between you and me, you gots to have the eyes open and the lights on in the room to see. Sometimes you can take the lights off, close your eyes, and still have the ability to see. Inner me, you can see with the lights off using the internal navigation system programming the whole situation. Xcarade, you haven't been down to spectacular Mexico in a long days for days. Hey, I like to give myself the introduction. Welcome to the greatest performance, lyrically speaking, uni- unique journey offered through the lands, going through the legends of mathematics. We're just starting to add things in a different Mayan calendar. The d- supposedly the game of life and death and a Mi- Mesoamerican ballgame has been played. We don't care about the game of life and death, Mesoamerican. The dance of the owl. Owls are sacred to the Mayan, Mayan people, and considered to be evil in the esoteric...... People and compa- companions of the lowercase g-o-d's of death. This daunting dance had Mother Yucker's best in mythology, looking at the stars and astrology, saying, "The great wisdom was the great bird." I'm not down with what you heard. They're trying to be cannibals, trying to eat the meat of mankind like vegetables. We go and chill with Jessicus and gathers. Many people gathered with money in they platters to serve it up. Vera Cruz was there, but was not even noticed by anyone else who was even there. Why? Because it was like the scarlet letter. People was all wrapped up in the other rap shit. Didn't even have to talk about it. Little did I know what God had in store for me. My life did not change overnight, but through a process of getting into church, studying the Bible, and praying, I could sense God moving on my life. It was several weeks after this that Mr. Russell, who was the superintendent of the rescue mission, came in humble service at the service station, told me that he had great appreciation for my wife in playing, and to the piano for this rescue mission that h- we had already been through and fo- and therefore, it took everything I had to tell him I needed to know. And I didn't really know how, after listening to a businessman, how he speak out on a rescue mission, that I finally became a Christian. He put his arm around me and said, "I'm so proud of you and continue to trust God, honor him with your life, and bless you, and bless your life. He's got a lot of good things that he wants you to do." I went into the service station and came back with, I think, $20. I said, "Thank you, Mr. Bennett. Thank you, Mr. Russell. I'd like to give you more, but here's some money to help you with the rescue mission. I understand it needs the money." He looked at me again and said, "Thank you, Bobby. You continue to do your Lord's work and this and then as you run your service station, don't be ashamed to tell yourself you're Christian. Share your faith. Give your money to God. We'll bless you for it." Truer words were never spoken than that. Truer words were never spoken than that. "Don't be ashamed. Tell people you're a Christian. Share your faith. Give your money and God will bless you for it." I went to back, back to work with the rescue mission and began to speak there. I began to pray and ask God if he would help me, help me to become a successful businessperson. More than anything, I wanted him to be a... I wanted to be, as more than anything, I wanted to be a su-successful businessman. I promised him if God would make me a successful businessman, I would give it back to him by helping others. For the next 13, a legendary number, I was the treasurer for the rescue mission and had the opportunity to be involved, to work there and pour thousands and thousand into the mission. Several months later, Freda and I were eating in the restauranta where she started to flaunta the sign that said, "Register and win an all-expense paid vacation to Florida." And when we got registered, we was in for our biggest, to our delight, to our sight, straight out to our surprise, we won the trip to the Florida. Our eyes got even bigger. We didn't have to see the bigger picture. We didn't even have the money to buy a car to go in. So we borrowed her father's old Nash Rambler. Right now, I might be rambling, scrambling for the right next words to get by, which he had over 100,000 miles and we took all the money out of the cash register but $20. We locked the service station up Saturday night and drove for the next 18 to 20 hours to Sarasota, Florida. That time, we checked in on a Saturday, Sunday, we checked in on a Sunday afternoon. What a thrill it was to be in a nice hotel. We had never stayed in anything like this and never expected to. Never did we realize that on this trip would change our lives. On Monday, we were walking across a used car lot that had gotten sand on it. I opened the door to get into one of the cars when a fellow came up to me and said, "Wait a minute, wait a minute. You got sand on your feet." He came up and laid some pieces of cardboard on the floor to keep all the sand from getting in on the car floor. An idea struck me. Oh, I came back to Bristol, Virginia and I began to take more disposable floor mats in automobiles. Nobody had ever heard of that. What? Nobody even heard of that. For the next two years, I was straight silent. Were tough times in our lives, financially speaking. I was trying to sell floor mats and run the service station at the same time, mesmerized. But, yo, I was hyped. I had no money to buy cardboard, so I go behind the grocery stores to get the cardboard and cut them out to fit on the floor of the cars in the wash pit. I'd go out and feel like I was flying high like a balloon. I sold 25 of themPeople was hyped-up. I talked to a, a container company and they sent me several thousand pieces of cardboard. And I gave them a design on how to cut them out. When they came in, they were brown cardboard. I didn't like the color, so for weeks, I took a red sponge and colored them, to the cardboard mats with red paint. And then I would take a stencil and put the dealers names on every crude printing. About this time, I made an application for a patent office. Albert Einstein got my letter. That nerdy ass geezer and his wacky hair. The nerd looked it over, he was broke. But I was even broker. The deal, making money, millions a year. But anyway, Albert Einstein was married to his cousin at the time. Got my patent in the mail, broke on the back and said I couldn't. The next several years, Freda and I lived from mouth-to-hand, hand-to-mouth, back and forth, bringing it from the north to south, south, north to south from the banks. We was about to make life insurance a family bank. I was out trying to sell floor mats door-to-door. It was probably a couple years after this when I got the idea of selling them to banks. And I would put the bank's name on them, like, "Financing available from..." Blah, blah, blah, "Bank." Super Money Bank. Top Bank. Hustler Bank. Mafia Bank. Financing available through the gangsta East Coast Mafia Bank on the bottom of the Cadillac shoe floor. Galore. I got the floor condoms for your shoe car, you can keep it clean. Financing available to them and the automobile dealership placing into their cars to protect the floors, and it would stimulate even more loans for the bank. Hustling up, now you see, it's hustling even bigger money that was unexpected. Now, the banks are more hyped up, 'cause they can be advertising to people that are hyped up about their clean car. And it's sending business to the bigger business of lending money. So, he just got on the, caught out the car ground floor. Straight out the car ground floor. But that brought roped in car lots, banks. Banks wanting to deal with him. Lending, money lending, money interest, money calculating, money growing. Money never slowing down, money fasting, money outlasting, laminating. I had no experience, uh, with sales whatsoever, but in 1962, right when the bank was about to take it to service station, I sold it for $5,000, which was exactly what I owed on it. I set out across the United States to promote and sell my new invention. It's called a car floor mat. With very little money and no sales experience. That's not true, bro, you sold 25 of them. But whatever. It was a real struggle. Obviously selling's always a struggle. Only real men, only real men can sell on the regulell. I recall sleeping many times in a Volkswagen. It's not 'cause I was lazy, it's because only real men can be selling on the road. Sometimes you have to take it simily slow and take some napping, sleeping on the side of the road. Like under the tree. Like under the tree next, right next to the train tracks on the street, under the turnstile. Traveling in motels filled up. It wasn't unusual for me to work an 18-hour day. Even if half of it was mentally finding a market for all the fishes and all the floor mats with the banks began to catch on me. Many of the people asked me how to get the new product off the ground. Main thing is finding a market for it. I found a market and my floor mats with the banks. I put together a sales pitch, a sales pitch I began to sell to these banks. It was the rare case that I did not sell nine out of the ten banks that I called on. Obviously knocking it out the park, because of a burning desire and determination to be successful. I became a super floor mat salesman, praising God and giving lots of money back, and giving money back. Sometime around 1970, I put together a sales force. I divided the United States and gave each salesman certain states to work. And we began to sell them. Damn, this is like movie, The Blow. But we don't need a fake Johnny Depp to go that far. This is the real floor mat business. Nobody's doing no time, because it's clean business. Nobody got hurt. We're keeping the car clean business. We're selling even more cars 'cause we're advertising through the banks, getting the banks in the cars business. You know, we're bigging up more business by getting more cars out, so people can start their own business. We're bigging up other peoples' business by getting people more cars. Getting their cars to go run their business. And getting at the relationship with the bank that, to lend them the money with the car, we didn't even notice that we got that relationship started thus far. So, now they got more of that relationship-From the bank. They gave them the money to buy the car, to get the business with the money, second money they lent them. Basically, all from the motherfucking floor mat. It's crazy. Think about that. It's taken a grou- a, a round globe world spinning through space and making it straight out flat. Top hat, monopoly man in the making. I went back and told a fellow, "I need to drink some water, man." Sometimes when you rap for an hour straight, you need to go get some water. Oh, 70 minutes. Oh. All my, my maximum, I don't think I've done, uh, this is a pretty decent freestyle mental exercise. But I think the all-time record is 7:77. That would only be 15 more minutes from now. Then I could have a new all-time record for me. My brain doesn't hurt, but my neck hurts from bending over. It's the gr- the greatest obstacle now. The brain could continue probably for, uh, at least another 20 minutes. But my neck, bending over is, uh ... I was in a bad car accident when I was 15, driving 100 miles an hour. Didn't have a car seatbelt on, but the Lord was with me and protected me. And I'm here today wearing a seatbelt every time 'cause I gotta do my part. I can't just say the Lord's protecting me and not wear a seatbelt and drive 100 miles an hour and be about stupid stuff and stupid things, and be about retarded rhyming and reti- retarded timing, retarded playing. I'm tired of talking, retired, retarded, retardedly saying, going back to the story that we were talking about, making money. Making money from them in, in, off the floor mat. You can see how it spirals up. We'll go further from there. Uh, financially, it dawned on me, it came and dawned on me, I gave the glory, thanks, and praise to God. I gave him the glory. Just a minute ago, I remember re- not even finishing up the high school and thinking that I was a kind of a dummy. Man, we only didn't have money working the gas station in 1920, with not a penny in my pocket. Now, I'm on top of the game, on top of the world, nailing it. I promised more than anything I wanted to be a successful businessman. I promised the Most High God that if he would make me a successful businessman, I would give it back to him by helping others for the next 13 years. I was the treasurer of the rescue mission and had the opportunity, so it just started growing from there. Give me the answer. I don't feel comfortable selling this business. Lord, I don't feel comfortable selling this business. Give me an answer. You got in the car washing business, the aviation business, the shrimp business, bought up Apple stock business, running around half the world business, marry Jenny at the end of the movie business, hustling out the game business, helping others business, shit happens business, running around the world in 80 days business, going around the world in 80 days, whether it's by water boat, whether it's by motorcycle, air balloon. Anything that is not an airplane, we're going around in 80 days. You can take a train certain areas. But other places, you need to take a boat. You need to take a travel or canoe. We going to Timbuktu just for a minute or two, only 'cause it's a stepping stone to go where, to where we gonna go. The Deutsche Bank, we got a giant loan at negative interest rates, a super loan at negative interest rates. This is a good climate for indexed universal life insurance and through the banks. To be successful around 1970, I put together a task force, a successful, well-engineered, well-thought forms sales force, divided the United States to gave their, together and gave each their own homegrown opportunity that they could make a giant seed turn into giant, in a giant beanstalk money tree. Money tree growing super accelerating rate. You don't need any crazy beats or any, what's it called? Uh, ground up to make this tree go crazy. But today, as far as I know, God gave me the seeds in Florida. Planted the seeds in my mind by making disposable floor mats for cars and got sand. I was growing to be the largest company in the United Kingdom. United States makes all types of floor mats, but te- I had a temporary pyramid of blocking out the rest of the competition. The legal patent gave me protection from the patent's office. So I got plenty of time, plenty of s- plenty of opportunity, money, equity.... A coin, making money, making tenderloin in the oven after work. Yo. Jamaica chicken and jerk, tasty. Indian tandoori chicken. If you need the lamb goats, tasty. Vindaloo, what you been through. Car washes, next ball game, got the extra time, got the new thang. First put one up in Mississippi. Everybody was hyped, man. They was cleaning their car, self-driving. The first- I got the first car wash, put it up in Mississippi after I was hyped up. Gave the glory to God again. Gave money again, again and again. Giving back money again. Being hyped on the car washes, working at least 18 hours a day selling floor mats, running the car wash at nighttime. Y'all, eh, working my ass off, yo. Seriously, 18 hours a day selling floor mats. If not physically, then mentally. If not mentally, slowly cooking bigger deals emotionally. Selling it. Making it tremendously difficult businesses up off the ground. At the time, I was just a car wash man making business, working at least 18 hours a day selling floor mats, running the car wash company, and selling car wash equipment. I was about to get it to me. I put the car wash company up for sale, going, going, go crowd. A prospective buyer came with an offer, with an offer, a gold giant bag. I asked him where the rest of the bags of the gold was at. He's like, "X marks the spot, homie." I was like, "Where's them X at?" He's like, "It's, it's in the truck, 18-wheeler truck parked outside, man." So, we walked outside for a few minutes and something came over me while we were walking. I was like, "Just a minute. Just a minute. I'll be back, bro. Just give me a minute, man. Just give me a minute, man." I went to the back room of my building and knelt and prayed and say to the Lord, "I don't feel comfortable selling this business, even if it's a giant 18-wheeler stacked with gold money. Give me an answer." I went back and told the fellow, "I might straight, I might even get low, but I changed my mind this time." And he got quite angry and upset. Thank God. I went back and prayed with the Lord's help, and some good employees. We built that business into a multi-billion dollar business in the 1930, '40s into a multi-million dollar selling car wash equipment all over the United States and even foreign countries, like China. Foreign countries like China was forming to us. We don't e- eat with forks. We don't eat with straight out sh- chopsticks and stuff. It all started back with some COVID-ritical stuff, team stuff, that the Chinese had put inside of the Batmobile and stuff. Yo, the Chinese had some bat sandwiches. They was glad to hand it up. I got into- into other businesses. Many warehouses, condominiums and apartments, and back to the car washes business. We had to wash the money somehow, so I got even bigger car wash money businesses for a while. I had been so fortunate that financially, and every other way, I can only give God the credit. I was kind of re- I was pretty much retarded. I was pretty much straight out, you know, I wasn't super educated. I didn't have that many military decorated codes of honor, medals of honor, medals of freedom. I didn't have the Purple Heart. I didn't have an- a- a Master's degree in business. I didn't have a PhD in artificial intelligence. I didn't have an MIT professor in economics managing 523, $2 billion on a Black Rock index that we get a s- very small slice of, because we patented it and helped hustle up the money for the index with the Black Rock and doing that, we had to understand, I gave the glory to God, because I was straight out like retarded from the beginning. But, it's all good, you know. So, I give- but here's the difference. Financially, I've got to give the g- glory to God, the credit. He is the one who made the difference, as I mentioned earlier. He is the one who made the difference, as I mentioned earlier. When I started selling floor mats, I began to pray and ask God to bless me and help me to be a successful businessman. And God heard my prayer. I'm reminded again of what the verse of scripture, "Trust in the Lord with your- with all your heart, and lean not onto your own understanding and all thy ways acknowledge him. And he shall direct your path." I've tried to give back to Him what He has blessed us, blessed me with, and as He continues to bless us. I would like to say something at this point, and I always mention this in my talks to audiences. Success doesn't come easy. Success doesn't come easy. Success doesn't always come easy. Sometimes you might have to get your feelings. It's a long, long, hard road. And if I had any advice to give anyone, it would be to set up some goals for yourself and try to reach those goalsHave some dreams and pray that dreams will come true. No one ever made a success in eight hours a day. It takes more than that. Many times, you have to step out on faith and take chances. You have to be willing to sacrifice, even time with your family. Even at time, you have to be willing to sacrifice. In 1972, I was enjoying my life as a successful businessman. Many of my many goals had been reached, and I reached one of my many dreams that come true. I was attending a Christian businessman's convention in my mobile, my mobile, Alabama. I had joined the Christian businessmen to become active with them, traveling around the world again. At this particular convention, a Korean fellow by the name of Dr. Billy Kim spoke for 11 minutes, which is also a legendary number, 11. And I received a standing ovation. I too were taken aback by that particular conversation. He told me how a soldier, a boy named Don Tei, Virginia, 50 miles from where I lived, brought him to America, Billy, and his house was going to Korean War bid. Now, my ... It's all good. I'll keep going, but my buttocks actually hurt because I'm sitting on a hard cherry wood. My neck hurts. My bottom hurts from this freestyle. I could keep going, but I wanted to... I'm gonna end it on a legendary number. Right now, the numbers are, it's 81 minutes and 19 seconds. Uh, we're gonna end it at, uh, 82, 82 minutes and 17 seconds. That certainly gonna be a legendary number, a legendary thumper. With the bad boys, I won't do with you punk food, but you will sniff dudes. Will Smith in the surveillance state. Martin's in my crew, too. I got Will Smith and Martin, Steve Martins, Martin Sheen. I got my Martins on, my gloves, golden gloves, golden awards, Oscars, be prepared for more. I got the Emmas and the Emilys on the Oscars and the conversations. We're gonna end this on legendary numbers of 17s, on 17s.