Uh-huh. Yeah. What we talking about? One, two, praise the Lord. What we talk about? One, two, praise the Lord. Hallelujah and grace His name. Hallelujah and grace His name. Hallelujah, thanks and praise, Emmanuel, may Him be one with us. May we love one another like He says we should. May we, we turn the other cheek as He says we does. May we become a more bigger family within Christ breaking bread. Yo, we body and bread. He's helping us with cons- Holy Spirit working not even through tongues, and it's a way that had people been thinking of. We're not going against. Yo, we're standing for the wholly righteousness of His holy kingdom, His holy kingdom. Yo, yo, w- we are surely confident and determined, first thing to worship and devotion. We look at our faith as a true virtue of the freedom of religion, even in those other false doctrines and false whack-downs and false playgrounds that people wanna run with too much nowadays. They got different plays, they got different ways, they got people confused like in a maze of an ideas, caught up in different genders and weird stuff we don't even understand. No, you don't even need to know. Don't have to go down that furry brook road to under- stand what needs to let God's plan to envelop on, and yo, and come envelop you. Yo, becoming radiant, yo, radiantly, like angelically. Yo, you are h- have the Holy Spirit running through your very being and singing, you're helping to see and shed on light, becoming a true instrument of God on the planet Earth for every person within your sphere of influence to see the young sight. And so, r- healing, refreshing, I like to give thanks and praise. So thanks and praise. Throw your hands in the sky. Throw your hands in the sky. Throw your hands in the sky. Thank the Lord with your hands in the sky. Throw your hands in the sky. Throw hands in the sky, Lord. Throw your hands in the sky, throw your hands in the sky. Giving many thanks and praise to the Lord. Hands in the sky, throw your hands in the sky. I'm giving hands in the sky for my Lord, yeah. It don't always seem easy. It's not always, certainly not ever, ever, never easy. Why does the televisi- vision, televisi- vision always giving out false suggestions, making life l- selling the l- lies to the youth as evidenced by p- young people thinking that life should be easy, thinking that life should just go on? It makes people queasy at times to think we have grown up in so many different times, and we need to integrate this within our minds and know that it is... We are spiritual beings living in a flesh b- body. We're spiritual beings of light living in a flesh body. Our spirit supercedes a physical body, even though our p- physical body, the Temple of God. Yo, the way that you interact with your mind is also important stuff. You might not wanna s- uh, continue to talk negative to yourself. You need to not stamp out any false teachings or self- f- self-defeating beliefs and ideas and weird things that you, you would talk to yourself back. In the days you would say something, yo, like, uh, "I wish I could do," but then another voice pop up. "I would think I could," but another voice come up. "I wish I did," but another voice come up. Knock it down and I will praise the, the Lord is name. Throw your hands, throw your hands in the sky. Thank You, Lord. Thank You, Christ. Throw your hands in the sky, yeah. Thank You, Christ. Thank You, Christ. Thank You, Christ. Yo, thank You, Christ. Throw your hands in the sky. Throw your hands in the sky. Throw your hands in the sky. Yo, thank You, Lord. Hands in the sky, said thank You, Lord. Hands in the sky, said thank You, Lord. Throw my hands in the sky, said thank You, Lord. What could I ask? I wish I had better words for You. Don't wanna let You down. I'm always feeling solid with my feet on shaky, steady ground. You were with the knowledge. You were always with me and will protect and defeat an enemy most of the time. It's nothing but more a false impression, illusion within our mind, whispering with, uh, illusion, impression, illusionist, illusionists. The Earth is an illusion that we need to live on for now. The Earth is not an illusion. Maybe I should say the world. The world is not the Earth. The Earth is not the world, and the world is not of the Earth. Yo, if we don't wa- worship God first, then we will worship something else. That's the worst. Man made it to worship. Man took the warship against God. Not only was it something of creatures, it was Sodom and Gomog. Yo, it was whack, and it was mog and eggnog. Yo, it was drinking eggnog and not the right time of year, Thanksgiving. Yo, let's get this beautiful truth and express from this beautiful line. I wanna say thank you to Jesus Christ, yo, for forgiving me and turning me over new, helping me to be blood brand new, life new, new living, new ways of seeing, new ways of forgiving, new ways of believing, breathing. Every life is, every day is different. Every moment is special. Everything is transparent. I try to live the best way that I do. The hardest per- for- vergison- uh, for me, the forgiveness was me, dude, and normally isWhy is it so hard, hard, difficult to forget the person we see in our eyes in mirrors? Yo, dev- daily devotion over time, you'll be turning yourself over to ˜eally to God. When regular hours, improve prayer, devotion. Yo, give over yourself to God, days and wears. Give yourself over to God, days you give up fears. Hand them over to the Lord. Hand them over to the Lord. Hand up your free- hand up your cares to the Lord. Yo, I'm bigging it up through the stores. I wish I had... And we know he's got way more store, house, playhouse, wonder house. Many mansions is in his house. Many mansions is in his house. How do you respond when bad things up? What happened to you w- now? Mansion is, is in his house. Many houses, mansions is in his house. Yo, when you've experienced disappointment or setbacks, how do you react to that? How do you react to setbacks? Do you praise the Lord? And do you have a conversation with the Lord when you have a disappointment or setback? Have a conversation with God. Have a conversation with God. Have a conversation-cation with God. Go on vacation with God. We he- living on here now. Oh, vacation with God. Yo, we must be on... Yo, don't let it, don't let life take while being sad and sufferings and life is natural. Jesus Christ himself wept when Lazarus had died. See John, uh, we must not be careful to let sadness consume us even during these days of wickedness that we've seen around us, especially on the wicked devilist television that they stream and pollution on the regular, hitting up propaganda, crawling on to people's brains like tarantula with false information, tying up like a tarantula with different... Yo, the sticky stuff that comes out of its teeth way too much. I don't know what it is, but I'm not, yo, gonna talk about it no mo'. We moving on. Yo, we have to get a new resolution and the game time, mom. We're not giving up any time in this referee game. That game is judgment. Yo, and courage, beauty, expression. Good verse evil. Good... It's not good verse evil, it's evil verse good from beginning. Yo, the pride of Lucifer, yo, that was whack. It was always, it's always been the whack versus good. Yo, start with Matthew 6:25 through 34. And Jesus says that if we seek first the kingdom of God, the Father will provide for all of our needs. What do you think that this means? What do you think that this means? Jesus says that if we first seek the kingdom of God, the Father will provide for all of our needs. What do you think this means? What do you think this means? What do you, what do you think this means? Jesus says if we seek first the kingdom of God, the Father will provide for all of our needs. What do you think this means? What do you think this means? What, what do you think this means? Jesus says that if we first seek the kingdom of God, the Father will provide for all of our needs. Uh, what is the proper... Jesus says, "Do not be anxious about tomorrow." Don't be anxious about tomorrow. What fears about the future do you tend to struggle with? Why do you worry about future? Let it go, let it go, hand it over to God. Let it go, let it go, hand it over to God. Let it go, let it go, hand it over to God. Let it go, hand it over to God. Yo, let it go, let it go for God. Yo, let it go, let it go for God. So, God's glory, God's music. God's glory, God's music. God's rhythm and God's speed, God time. God love, God rhymes. God loves and God divine. God the Father, Holy Spirit, Jesus Christ. Amen. For our next beats, we got some brand new treats coming up. I got a whole new... I've got a brand new playbook. I'm gonna cook up the tastes that everybody wants from different nations. You can use spontaneous, yo, food for different situations, emergencies, for exession. Yo, I have to praise it out. I got the different foods, I got the different tastes. I got the something for everybody. I got the food that anybody could en- I got the food that anybody could enjoy. I got some foods that anybody would like to have and taste. I got the taste that you want to have to let it savory in your mouth. It's just around the bay. You can hang out by the pool with the food. We have people serving you coming up. It's at a cool day, you can hang out in the sun way, runway, hang out with lum- sunbeam someday. Yo, you'd have to leave, but until then, yo, you got to breathe the fresh air and enjoy the music, enjoy the sun rays, enjoying the moon rays at nighttime. Yo, it's Spanish full time. We're having some friends come over for red wine, but not too much even though the lights come on in the pool and all types of brights too much. Yo, we have to not think too much about things. We have to let things pass in their ways and means. Suggestions, so we have to big up our thoughts and have new just thoughtful discussions throughout our ways through the world. Through provocative thoughts, we'll shou- have evaluations of the difference of boys and girls. Big it up on up. Yo, huh. Met different methods, I have to get it or c- catch it. I'm into new commentary, some narrative. Have to go and check out my playbook. I heard some words that took too much time, that shook off them trees, off the, the plantations, it seems permissive suggestions. Yo, I was happy like a l- little puppy. Yo, I was like seeing like a baby, like a little kitten. Tear ducts that was pushing out. Yo, women too much 'cause I thought that I was overly sensitive, but actually it was just allergies and I was having a reaction so it was making me look like I was crying, but I really wasn't, just relaxed.I'm not into all that witchcraft or bullshit max. Yo, when I woke up refreshed in the morning, and your unconscious mind would perhaps rememberize a therapeutic healing effect, to pray to the Lord, that perhaps you could even find, discover the chemistry behind it. That it is real scientifically speaking, that when you come off, take a nice direction, just lay down and be soft. Go deeper into sleep, and go deeper, deeper, deeper into sleep. Your unconscious mind has a memory for virtually everything that you do. This includes, and this includes your sleep behavior. It has memory for good, high sleep quality. Your unconscious mind memory virtually, your sleep behavior, good memory. Its high quality, high quality. Sleep behavior. Sleep behavior. Unconscious mind, everything you do. Yo, sleep behavior, highest quality sleep. For memory, just sleep, yo. Your unconscious will be selective in reviewing different behaviors, sleep behaviors. Focus your memory into positive suggestions continually that might align with different nuances that you had seen throughout the day in your waking state. Yo, roll around. Don't take too long. Don't even wait. Go for it when you have the inspiration, act on it. Go immediately into act mode, design mode. Yo, let your energy works. Let your hands-on time explode. Explode your activity. Explode your activity times ten. Explode your activity, progress and progression times ten. Explode your progression times ten. Multiply your fruits times ten. Multiply your efforts times ten. Multiply your discipline times ten. Multiply your activity times ten. Multiply your productivity times ten. Multiply your discipline times ten. Multiply your faith in God times ten. Multiply your faith in God times ten, amongst men. Oh, yeah. What we saying out here? Yo, yo, yo. Uh. Commentary. Yo, I'm on the beaches. Um, I got the sand under my feet-ses. It's, oh, got the alias and diction. Yo, no addiction, except to living righteously and virtuously amongst men and women on this flat Earth that is not flying through space. Yo, because we never had an evolution from a monkey man that gave no birth to what came down to an ape man to a human. Yo, we're not from the ad of the line of monkeys. Yo, Adams and sons and daughters of Adam and Eve, how it come down to the Bible, biblical is the truth, yo. Metaphor is put down, understand, but they wanted people to be not understanding and confused like a drunk anyhow. Yo, they got so many different deterrents and sledgehammers and different answered questions for the wrong answers that you don't need. Yo, in the future, it's hard to believe. In the future, it'd be hard, hard to believe. Here we are, be hard to believe, looking back, yo. Because they can see the debris. Look back, yo, it's hard to believe. Here we are now, y'all. It's hard to believe. Been a long time now. We're here, hard to believe. It's been a long time now. Hard to believe, but yo, lot of times past we've seen a lot of different, yo, life through aspects and different pro- different motions. I don't know if it's... Don't confuse movement with progress, as the old saying go. Don't confuse, yo, the ice cone for some snow. You got to understand there's small nuances that make the big differences. I come across as some foods and better than others. I can recall as a young man that I love different cooking, tasting, smelling so good. I love the cold milk. It was so cold and so nice when you were better. Yo, I used to get my sandwich and melt on the cheddar. But I'd first put on molten butter on the bottom of my toasted, yo, my toasted rye cheese donut. We have to get way too much when we roll around. I got to get a head rush when I'm... Yo, put your cards and fold them down on the table. Not play so much. Yo, not gamble. Never do that. Always handle business where I'm coming at, where we stand at, where we stand to, where we going, and what we gonna improve daily, daily. Working on it daily. Daily, daily. Working on it daily. Daily, daily. Working on it daily. Daily, daily. We working on it daily. Here we go on this flow. Motown degrees. Uh, Motown degrees. We represent, yo, Delaware. Deli, deli. We right next to Philly, Philly. But they can't, yo, they can't boo really chill with us. They're way too exotic and they don't know too much. I got that, I got that natural physique. I'm running mountaintops and I'm holding the peak. I'm holding the peak with this cold air. Negative attention, I don't want to go there. What? W- w- what? Uh, yeah. Years and years ago. Years and years ago. Years and years ago. Years and years ago. New memories. New memories describe similar techniques. I got the new memories years and years ago. Years and years ago you were bigging it up. Years and years ago you were growing on your top of your game. You were getting on a bigger thing. You were doing a psychological experiment. You were doing the best...You were doing the wonderfully, you were taking risks. You were also following the rules. You were doing the best that you possibly could with different ways of entanglement, different caught up, and different, different things. And I, yo, had to remit that life was truly sufficient on the pla- earth planet way, way before we had any so-called celly phone. The cellphone is nothing more than a surveillance data addiction, dopamine slavery device. It's a massa, massa, massaphone. Ice cold, but the truth be known. Yo, it's a ice, ice cold slave device phone. Ice, ice, ice cold, ice cold slaves, ice cold slave phone. You got the new ice cold slave phone. You got the new ice cold book slave phone. I got the new ice booked on slave phone. You got the new ice cold but slave phone. And now your slave gonna own you. Now your a- I mean, your phone gonna own you. That's what it's designed to be like. The T-1000 from the movie Terminator. Everybody already knows that, but it didn't come in a T-1000 pack, it came in tube like that. Yo, it was trying to be your best friend. It... Or you already spend more time with it than you do your best friend, or your another man or woman. It's sucking up eight hours a day. Look at it daily, and it's letting you know that you have an electronical addiction and it already show. You got your head booked down way too low. Now, look at your neck from across the room and leg up, but did you even see that? We don't want to have your neck bent like giraffe next to a tree that get eaten up with bushes, that giraffe lick up and eat up the leaves and the bushes. Yo, the Lord has done everything that we get. We, we... It's almost like our... They, it says we got free will, but it's almost like you don't got free will 'cause the, the, the spirit that you let inhabit your heart, inhabit your heart. If you're spilled with the life, if you're s- if you're filled with the life and the Christ, if you're filled with the light of Christ and the God's delight, Holy Spirit energy, then it's like your life takes over a life of itself. And it just seems like you're being lived through, and it's relaxing, just chilled. There's no whatever happens. It's almost like you're watching a movie, watching yourself been lived through three dimensionally outside of a peculiar rarity on a seat, on a couch, in a tevie room, watching yourself. Yo, from third position on this television, understanding that God allows divine... Yo, God allow, uh, God's providential, instrumental. Yo, we have to do our best part that we can in his plan. Our p- our plan and you, th- we can think small. Everything that you do is one filled with seeds of greatness. Seeds of greatness, plentitude and platitude. Yo, our i- our works and actions go far beyond what we could ever imagine. Our thoughts and actions go beyond what we imagine. Thoughts and actions beyond what we ever imagine. Thoughts and actions beyond what we had ever had thought, considered, reacted, but it's true. We don't know how many domino effects should go down through, how many places, people and places that chases. Yo, it's got an energetic effect. Y'all know, y'all know the rest. Uh. Years ago, that was years ago. It's getting physical. It was years ago. All right, let's get on some new beats now. Uh. Get some new instrumentals. I want you. You want me? I don't know you. What you talking about? To hold you. You got me confused, woman, with somebody else. Hold you. I don't know what you talking about. Can't just be me and you. I don't... Like I said, you got me confused with somebody else, so I don't know what you talking about. You know I want you. I don't know you from... I don't- Say how you feel. What you... How I feel? Yo. Say how you feel. I feel amazingly blessed and righteous. I'm feeling healthy, filled with mental and physical confidence. Yo, and also life's energy, floating on the world plentidely, platid- plentifully. Almost feel it like I'm levitating. This world's so rigid and raw. I feel like I'm just water that breathes off from boiling water. Lev- elevating the energy just so we creating positive waves in the world that we live in. Not dragging you down, but always to trying to drag you, pull you up. How we go like an elevators. It's not see you later, but come with us, you silly alligator. Come with us, come with us. We trying to grab your hand and carry you, pull you up. Follow us, follow us, 'cause it's so tough going it at alone. Come with us, come with us. Yo, it's time to get on and, and yo elevate us. Don't be silly-gator. Come with us, come with us, 'cause it's that time to go follow us, oh, and run with us. It's time to climb up ele- stage at a time. Every stage in a line, every stage in a pattern and design, anticipated. Yo, we got the multiple mon- Feel you. Come with us, take your hand. We got already, we already played this. I got, man- When you touch me. Feel you.I'm -- came up with the hook before they did, so - but now they got to have to flipped up the script, so mission oh, get it up. They're trying to get, yo, they want your childhood memories throughout the verbalization, so memories. Yo, visualization, hallucination technique. Eatin' mushrooms for only days and weeks. I don't know how many brown things there was, 'cause we sittin' in the same place but what on earth, yo. Forensic guidelines and models. Investigate the whole house probably for hours, findin' even visualation and v- hallucination. All types of prayer venalia. Yo, ruminating about the last time we had a giant party. Find the moon tower, probably have to call the, everybody'd up, rolled up in their different 1970s Volkswagen. They've come up, they got, they playin' different music at the time. It was a different era. You'd have to be there some time, but we've been throwin' a big party. Now suggestions, it's true. Efficiently and effortly, it's mixin' it so steadily, yo. Readily heightenin' resolve, readily say yes to those involved readily workin' out and makin' decisions, copin' with the management strategy that is mission, has to be think clearly and act, yo, courageously. Think clearly and act courageously. So fitfully, time be passin' slowly. You may wanna remember what your goals are several times a day. Come with us, come with us. We goin' on an elevator. Don't be a silly alligator. Come with us. Come with us. Come with us. You comin' with us, you silly alligator. Run with us. Come with us. Come with us. Stop playin' like you hatin'. You just complainin'. Come with us. Roll with us. Stop playin'. Stop playin' like you ain't tryin' to roll to a new era, a new planet, although time that when you, uh, come. Come run with us, come with us, and go with us. You got to rise to a new stage, a new place. Think about it. Think about it. Come with us and run with us. Come with us. Come on over. Come on over and run with us, and run with us. Yo. Think it on over. Think it on over. No, no, no, uh, pressure. Take your time. Make up your mind. Don't allow others to influence your decision. You don't want them to do that. You gotta think about who you are becoming, who you are, who you want, who are you are becoming? Who, what is the person when you fill out your full shoes? When you allow God's mission in your full energetic being to get aligned? What are you, are you s- see that vision. Re-remember. Put it back together. Use your memory and put it back together. The full vision, the full you, as God uses you. What is, uh, what do you see yourself as? How, who are you at your best? Under God's blessing? Thank you, Lord. Amen. Oh, change the- Sam, change the beat to something else. Okay. Thanks, Sam. You got it, man. Just make sure it's, uh, instrumental. Save it now, save it now. Stack it now. Save it now, save it now, and stack it now. Stack the money and stack the silver coins. Stackin' all golden coins, yo. Save it now and save up your cheddar and paper. Save it now, save it now. Savin' things for later. Save it now, make it now. Makin' more money than later. Make it now, make it now. Stack all your money for new soon. Yo, before high noon. Dude was tryin' to meet me at the edge of a lagoon. I was like, "Yeah, I'll meet you there," but I never went there. That was a whack suggestion. I'm not goin' there. See what I'm talkin' about. Be stackin'. I'm not feelin' this beat. I'm tryin' in my head, and doin' my best to keep my feet, yo, thoroughly grounded on this slippery flow. When they doin' this hard is. Yo, I got a new one, a new one. Yeah. It's me. It's Sam Russell on this beat. I'm gonna talk. This is, this is about ethical workin'. This is about getting your game up. This is about you. This is about, not about me. You get to work harder and work smarter. Work harder and work smarter. You need to become all that you can be. Need to become the best version that we was talking about in the last track. Working into the physical contact. Physical contact with your higher self. Physical contact with your higher level of consciousness and spiritual. Best purest ways is livin' with the Holy Spiritual. Livin' as it be. The highest qualities refiners and polish till we shiniest, you will be. The shiniest polished skills that you'll surely see. You could easily read the word of God. You can easily see the Word of the Lord all around you and its content in full effect. Yo, it's eternally breathing. You won't be exhausted when you go to the gym and lift weights, and weights and heavy, lifting weights and weights. You will not be exhausted when you go to work and work it harder and work smarter and work harder and smarter, hard.And work smarter. Work hard and work smarter. Work smart and then work harder. Yes, you're working hard. But then you need to work smarter. Yes, you're working smart but I want you to work harder. Yes, you're working hard, I want you to work smarter. You're working hard, now work you even harder. Now working smart, now you work even smarter. I'm forgetting how bad it was from the very, very, very back. People back then were so miserable. It seemed endless like torture, I'm telling you. But you did live through it and before long, forget how bad it was. This shit was gone. And later I'ma tell you, I vaguely even remember wow, what was it happen or how long time ago we was .......................... It doesn't continue to influence you. After we lived a while I can hardly remember it all and you don't really barely even think about it. That's so no need. It's just something that people had agreed a long, long time ago like so many other things. Long, long time ago, so many little detailed things. Happily, wonderful things they'd write down later and tell me some sort of future period of time the way they're telling me my history in reverse is seeing me, giving me, thinking first. What did you come up with? Yo. What did you come with? Yo. Uh. Dude wrote a book about laying around, laying it down. And don't do too much and let time pass so slowly. I read, read this book about a dude that lay around, about holding it down. Laying it round and don't do too much, let time pass so slowly. And let sometimes you fall so sleep, so fitful. Multiply your dreams. Multiply your dreams. Yo. It's frightening when you hallucinate and sleep. It could be frightening when you have the best taste of steak in a dream you never had when you was awaking. Yo. But it's amazing, it's amazing. You can dream and live inside like it's a real life, like it's a another lifetime. But you can have different experiences and totally recall them and remember them. You'll have flashes and flashes of memories. Memories illustrate firm- firmly, firmly taking root so you remember it now. Write it down, write it down. Keep a journal somehow. Keep a journal, keep a journal. Start right to wrap, right to read. Right to think, right to conquest and right to right back and yo, right to write down. I'm writing all my thoughts and I'm writing right now and I'm writing while I'm talking, but I'm taking my time because I can't write as fast as I'm thinking these rhymes. But I'm doing the best that I did after I did this right. But I did this Mickey Mouse. Yo. I'm if you make a mission, if you take your next breath, if you fell over because you didn't have enough oxygen because you rap so damn much, it will not take you too much time to recover and regenerate. I have natural healing and natural vibes. If I fell down on over and hit my head like another guy, I would not be the dude to be backing or stopping or waking down. I would definitely be continually rapping and not stopping. Not going down the end with gold. I'm imagery, sales productivity, imagery for sales productivity. Can I see some imagery for some sales productivity? Uh, and here I go, here I go, here we go. We're not alone. Here I go and here we go. Yo, we not alone. Here you go. Here I go. Yo. We not alone. Here we go. Here I go. Yo. We're not alone. Here I go. Here you go. Uh. Uh. You down? Yo. Who down? You tell me. Yo. Who down to be ... Oh. What? Oh no. Oh shit. Oh, damn. Just sat on the microphone and went off. Shit. Go, go, go. Turn it down. Damn, that dude... You know how loud that buzz in the bar- Oh my gosh. Dang. Yo. Yo. Uh. I h- I lost the beat. I don't know where it is. Hold up. Oh my gosh. That was wild. That was, you know, that's just not ... That, that is ridiculous. That's ridiculous. Yo. . That was straight up. I was trying to rap to the beat, too. I was trying to go with it. I was trying to run the rim. I was trying to have a good time. Trying to write the icing on this different ice skating, holding in hands. Yo. Enjoying the beautiful scenery. And I like to slide, too. I don't walk on any... Yo. I'm sliding on the room and the icing flow in New York City. It's high time to go. It's the time to see it before it gets underwater. So time distortion and hypnotic phenomenon. It was like some alien ship craft so that they were leading us to believe some on. Yo. But they was trying to mislead us. The government was secretly working with some astral trajections. They were working with actual, actual wack aliens. They was planning some things for a little airtime. Area 51 is not the top secret level. Area 51 is where they have had gay sex for the devil. And then where the other gay plans, other gay wack things and, and gay environments. Yo. But I really want the straight people to work on their sports performance and spiritual performance. Christians, big up your spiritual performance. Praise the Lord. Bless us with spiritual enhancements. Lord, bless us with spiritual enhancement for ...... performance, spiritual performance. Go. Lord, we pray to you to maximize potential. Lord, we pray to you to maximize optimal. Lord, we pray to you to maximize potential. Lord, we praise to you, give praise to you. We thank you too. We pray that you maximize our optimal potential. Lord, we praise you and ask that you, yo, reinforce and help us to endure, self ick as to continue. Help us to flourish, help us to, help us nuh- nourish one another. Help us to reinforce this. Help us to be, create positive change and performance with us and our brothers and sisters, Lord, in may pray name. Yo, help us to minimize, yo, any negative behavior, Lord. Yo, once we recognize that once we did right and it was wonderful, once we recognize that we did wrong, the thought was never be, yo, we decided did it again. Unconscious mind memorizes beautiful, lovely, heavenly. Yo, pe- memorizes beautiful beha- behavioral performance patterns, whether they're both morally either one way or another, meaning morally bad or morally good. Your unconscious mind typically doesn't make it without a moral judgment about it unless you're spiritually divine, unless you saved, unless you guarded, unless you made, unless you saved by the grace. Unless you saved by the grace. Unless you saved by the grace. Unless you saved by the grace. Unless you saved by the grace. Unless you saved by the grace of God. Unless you saved by the grace of God. Unless you saved by the blood of Christ. Unless you saved. Unless you saved. Unless you saved by the grace of God. Unless you saved by the grace of God. Unless you saved by the grace of God. Unless you saved. Yeah. His method for controlling his arousal was no matter how skillful you can become at stopping your arousal levels and minimizing or overexciting, you know, it comes down to your bass and your treble balancing. Equilibrious treatment to something that could be fleeting, like some feeling that you don't want to let go of, like a feeling that you want to try to grab control of, like something you want to last forever. But we're living here on Earth right now, and them thing- things don't go together. They don't go together right now. And just so you know, you know, we have to be thinking very graciously and thankfully for all the things that we have been shown right now. We have been given a holy passion, a holy outh. Uh. Going towards them. Uh-huh. By the grace, by the grace. By the grace, by the grace. By the Lord's grace. I am saved. I am saved. Concentrate on doing something else that is better, more holy than the old. When you repent and you turn away from your old ways, when you repent and you admit wrong, you turn away from your old ways. You have no appetite for them anymore. The appetite, the lust for whack shit goes immediately out the door. And don't come back, and don't come back no more. And don't, don't go away. Go away, bugger. Yo, go away, go away, and don't come back no more. We've told it before. But until we've repented before God, it try to come back. And sometimes it ... But don't succeed this time. It won't succeed. Through the light of Christ, you shall have ... You have authority through his name over demons, whack things, monsters, you know, wickedness in high places. You have authority over those things through the name of the Lord, of the Messiah. You have strength over all those wha- fake, whack, bombaclot. You know? That's what these rhymes are about. It's to, it's to spiritually ... Uh. Let's see. Now, hold on. We're going to need to do this one again. No, no, no, no, no. I like it. I mean, we could do it again, but I mean, I'm looking for another one. Come on. I'm looking for another, as I look for another... Oh, right, I found something else. Yeah. Yeah. In the name of the Lord, in the Lord of the name. In the name of the Lord, Yeshua, and in the name of the name of the Lord. Eme- praise the Lord, hallelujah. Emmanuel, Emmanuel. It's Samuel on this microphone. Yo, we ringing bells, ringing them bells. Touching down. Yo, we before the other team. Yo, a touchdown for our team. Yo, we keeping it straight up clean. I ain't trying to be obscene with the wording and keep it PG-13 so people learning, learning new behaviors, new specific learning behaviors. Specifically efforts associated to subjects with athletic performance were up doing better than other subjects that were not putting these weights together. Yo, these athletes had a stimulus. It was helping them to pinpoint down their own self-defeating behaviors. Yo, I'm telling you, these athletes were defeating alligators, mentally, spiritually. Defeating alligators, spiritually, emotionally. Defeating alligators. Yo, defeating alligators. Directed experience of the negative emotional states associated with whack situations you had to identify.Yo. As an irrational person might seen, you don't know what goes on behind the closed doors and dreams, what you were seeing is just a small little bit of what's really going being subjects are encouraged by hypnotics and go out and sensorially experience hallucination. I'm saying I'm just getting words to get out with this vibration. I'm just trying to get out new self-directed behavioral change, instrumental trajectory. Yo, athletic performance, athletic performance. I'm athletically learning. I'm just learning to get out and get some rhymes. I'm just learning to get my words out and respect these rhymes. I don't have no time and if I did, I lost it. I ain't got no time and if I did, I lost it. Did you? How much time did God promise you? How much time did God promise you? Yo, dude, I don't think we should take life for granted. We shouldn't take the time you spend on the iPhone for granted, on the death phone, on the whack phone. And to take away your time is to take away your life zone, life phone. Yo, you can feel a wellspring of power and ability flowing over you and ever every muscle and every fiber of every nerve of on your body identifies it completely. Go, move up, together as one. Heal up, heal up as one under the name of the Lord. May you be healed up removed up, merged more completely together. Open your eyes, begin to play up. Live the experiences and playfully, play like you never played before, play for kings and queens, play for kings and queens, play for kings and queens. Yo, play for kings and queens. As it was going to be changed, changed like the seasons do. Believe me, dude, I never done seen that but I've been through a lot. And because this extra tension, I got new ideas and new associations frequently emerge like colors and proverbs, colors and proverbs. I'm seeing it like hanging like a masterpiece in a museum. Yo, something in a museum. New ideas and associations, news, uh, ideas and associations and museums and Nicole Tatum, Nicole Tatum. Yo, awareness important to flourish. Writing down your ideas into small segments, comfortably put it together, maintain the pace together. Productive, enjoyable. We don't feeling no pressure, there's no under pressure. There's no time for that. Yo, employing abilities and building up skills, emerging, yo, together in hand. No more time to black out in the whole environment. Blackout the environment like a skilled gymnast who had been anticipating fear when he had stepped into this even he had a particularly rough routine, particularly difficult and tough routine. But I told him to visualize that happiness room. I told him to visualize, yo, a happiness room. I told him to visualize a happiness place. I told him to visualize a safe space, completely nice, completely pleasant, super tasty with all the money. No handicap. They made it super flossy, super nice and super I'm site- excited for them. You know how you want to think it up anyhow however you mind want to go now. You can make up the safe space how you want to roll, how you want to do it, super non-vibes, you know. You were strong, relaxed and non-tight. Your muscles are strong, relaxed and non-tight. Here's a new song. We need a new song. I don't know if there's any new songs left, Sam. T- There's got to be a s- songs left. You just look in the, the YouTube. That's what I'm saying, man. I've been in the YouTube for a long time. I don't think there's any songs left. Uh, one day there will be, man. One day you're going to find one. Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa, oh, no. Oh, praise the Lord. Praise the Living God. Praise the Living Lord. May He bless our relationships like, uh, I text in more to Him than anyone else on the whole planet or outside the planet. I'm in constant communication, communication, constant communication with God, constant communication, consonant communication. I'm relating consciously back and forth and praying and giving thanks and go thank, thanks. And I'm checking in with the Lord, our Father, more than I'm checking in with anyone on my computer. I'm checking in with th- with the Lord, our Father, and giving thanks and checking in and having conversations together way more often, often than anyone else. Not that it's a competition. I'm just saying that I'm never alone when I'm by myself. I'm never alone when I'm by myself. I'm never alone when I'm by myself. I'm never alone by, by myself because it's impossible to be like that. How could you be fully attached and be, uh, unknown, lost, uh, uh, isolated, get tossed, tossed? Uh-You can get tossed with your flaws, you can get tossed. It might cost a lot of confidence if you're not fully in- invested in your faith. You need to plug it in and get electrocuted with the k- the knowledge. Knowledge builds u- upon faith. We can build upon y- lots of your faith. There's many also, s- a- the straight-up proof that it's real, straight-up scientifical, way more than they say on the television, the radio. There's way more sh- ways to show. It's way m- more r- scientifically proven that you know. It's way more ideal and engineering that you got everything broken down from schools to, yo, seafaring on a runway. People won't no wanna fly to a highway or a runway. The- they high touch down on an island. I gots to go scuba diving with my swid- my squids for a moment. I like my octopus chilling when I'm scuba diving. I'll see you later and I'm making millions dollars with the life insurance, making sales with them life insurances. Life insurance sales, selling life insurance. Selling life insurance with them skills, life insurance. Making millions with them selling life insurance. Making millions with them skills selling life insurance. Making millions with them skills selling life insurance. Making millions with them skills selling life insurance. Making millions with them skills selling life insurance. Making millions with them skills selling life insurance. Making millions selling skills with them life insurance, life enjoyment, life assurance, God's creation, God's new covenant with his creation. The Lord over with, over us, yo. Come together under the one body and love of Christ, to the body of Christ and believers. Together we can t- beseech the Heavenly Father, yo. Too, uh, we pray for the, I pray to the Holy Spirit and straight-up just let him know to pray for me 'cause I know I don't know what is my destiny. I can't see through all the mist and grip. Yo, most of my per- my consciousness is not always in a permanent strong state. Sometime you have a non-steadfastness. Sometimes you have whack, sometimestimes you drink abidethneth and alcohol. Sometime you might abidethneth and other things. Yo, sometimes you fall short of your tallest. Sometimes you fall short of the tallest. Sometimes you fall short of the tallest. Sometimes you're gonna fall short of the tallest. Sometimes you're gonna fall just a short from the tallest. Sometimes you're gonna fall short from the tallest. You might even fall short from the tallest. You might even fall short from the tallest. Might even got kicked out from the garden. Might've even got kicked out from a garden. What's the problem? No problemo. But then it's like, yo, she has two sons. She's got, uh, Abe- Abel and Cain, and Abel, they, you know, they... Ca- and Cain doesn't love the Lord. Cain's upset. He doesn't want to give thanks and praise. He doesn't want to give thanks and praise, so he turns around and kills his brother, right, in a rage. Yo, I'm not trying to lay... Y- I was trying to whack, dude. He's not of the sea, he's of the seed of the devil. The, the, the, a- the tree is not a, just a tree. It was Lucifer. She hid it with the devil. The apple is represented as, as the seed, and if you read, if you really read, the Lord says, "I'll put competition between the seed," as a metaphor, the seed of the snake, "and competition of the seed of the serpent, uh, uh, of the woman." Both of her, she had twins, man. One was, uh, with the devil and one was, uh, with Adam. You know what I'm saying? Everybody knows that. I was just saying that to feel, I mean, it's true, but sometimes you gotta... Can't just rap about scuba diving. Man, I need to drink some water. High, living high just for the Lord. Living high, living high just for the Lord. Living high, living high just for the Lord. Living high, living high. We live to sword, serve. We live to serve the almighty living God, God. We live to serve the almighty God. It says in Revelation that the Messiah's tongue would be turned to a sword, meaning the word. Yo, the word and the sword are the one word in reverse in English language. Ma- planned many generations ago, plantations ago, ch- rationalizations many temperates ago. They now g- they got these climate change agenda. They trying to twist us and move us up to cattle region. Yo, abundance of different cognitive dissonance. People is confused. People don't know what to do or where to turn or where to believe. Yo, give us Jesus back. Give us Jesus back. Yo, give me Jesus back. Give us Jesus back. You tried to rob him from us, COVID. Yo, COVIDical diabolic scheme. Trying to shut down the churches over some flu town shit. Give me my Jesus. Give me my Jesus. Give me my Jesus back. Give me my Jesus. Can I get it, I'm gonna get my Jesus right back. Give me my, my Jesus. Give me my, my, my Jesus right back. Ain't done to get locked out of the church. I don't care about no flu bullshit right now. I love my Lord. You can't have him like that. You can't shut, leave the alcohol shops, uh, open. Leaving car scenes, explosions, leaving people exposed to violence. Yo, give us, give us opportunity and freedom of, um, and, and... M- yeah, actually, let's just talk to the Lord. You know, I'm just gonna go talk to Lord on my own. Yo, it's just a shame what we had seen. Yo, actions build seeds that turn to sown into trees over different roots and origins and words and beginningsYo. Of Adam, lineages, the different seedings. Yo. Of Cain were different, different lines and lineages in the Te- Old Testament. Go back into Genesis and see that the, the two lines and lineages are not the same. They're different bloodlines. In the game, in the game of good and evil, in the game of the saved, in the game of the Lord's perfect design, in the game with the whack one that intercepted and tried to move up and change the DNA in the game where in Genesis it got so bad because there was only evil on men's hearts right then. Because the DNA had changed though the end, the seeds of the whack one had multiplied. The whacking up the earth had left, yo, the Lord. That's why he flooded the earth out is 'cause there was, it wasn't human anymore. It wasn't of Adam's blood. Dean, it was gonna get macked up and jacked up. Telling you now. It's how I see that, uh, I can s- I can quote the description. After I go through this I might get a picture of which passages I need to quote from and go through. I know that I can . I want to learn how to rap with the scriptures, dude. People love the Lord. People love the Lord. People, give our love to the Lord. Give our love to the Lord. Hallelujah, hallelujah. Hallelujah, hallelujah. Hallelujah, how you doing? Hallelujah, hallelujah. How you doing? Hallelujah, hallelujah. How you doing? Hallelujah, hallelujah. How you doing? Hallelujah, hallelujah. How you doing? Hallelujah, hallelujah. How you doing? Hallelujah, hallelujah. How you do ya? Stay in a state. Stay in a peaceful state when so much circumstances seems to necessitate cause for pain and suffering that will not abate, cease, or abate by the presence of the Holy Spirit, by the presence of the living God that is living throughout your life with the power of the presence of the Holy One living in, within your breath, living in your life, living in through your veins, living in through your hands, living in plain sight. Lived in sight. You are living proof that there is a living God. Your, your actions, your behaviors, your fruits, the way your fruits have appe- have appeared here on earth. When you was a g- just young man you had a strong connection. As a young girl you have a strong connection with the Lord, the living God of the most high, high, of the most high, high. Don't idolize the false ones. Man, many on the plantation have just begun. We've got the idols on YouTube. We got them idols on the television, idols on the Instagram, idols on the money cam, idols on another Sundance High Festival. The music turned out to be just whack good. Man, it was all right. All right, Sam, you need to get, uh, beats, man. I know. I'm s- trying. Uh, I'm trying. You know, guys, thanks and praise to the Lord. You know, looking for these. May the Lord help me find a beat. May the Lord guide these beats. May the Lord send us the beats that, that will release the messages even more relaxed, more, more enjoyable, more... I'm seeing some ones here, I just don't know, I don't know what they sound like. I, we'll just, obviously, do but I guess I'll just click on one and hopefully, uh, the speakers don't blow up. All right. Everybody calm down. What? Please calm down. Oh, yeah. It's time for me and the Lord. It's time for me to speak to the Lord. Like I said, for the m- Lord, clear the way for me. Make way for me. Yo, Lord, I love you. Lord, people might think that I'm making fun because I, I speak plainly and I speak directly and I speak with hunger in my voice and I speak with s- comedy in my voice, but Lord, we've been talking, I've been, you've been in my life from before the beginning. You knew me before there was ev- every hair on my head, before, you have known me before the foundations of the earth, Lord. Lord, you knew me before the foundations of the earth. How could I offend thee, Lord? Lord, you're, you know me. I love you. I love you. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Yo, people is re- tardy, tardy, tardy. Lord, how come people tardy, tardy for class? Is it there no coming back? I know, Lord, there is pardon for them coming back from treacherous witchcraft and treacherous whack, going down the wrong path. Lord, forgive us our trespasses. Lord, forgive us our trespasses, even the trespasses that I didn't forgive myself of. Lord, unforgivingly, Lord, Le- Lord, please, unconditionally forgive me of all my trespasses as I forgive and don't forgive others to trespass, Lord. Lord, make an exception for us, Lord. Bless us. Touch us with wisdom, love, and forgiveness. It's so hard to have love in our hearts unless you live, make a home within us, Lord. The devil surrounds us in the world, uh, the world of devils is everywhere, Lord. You know we are in dark places, Lord. Lord, your s- your s- your rod comforts me. Lord, you lead us, you lead me and us to green pastures, Lord. Yes, Lord. Even though that wicked things may be about, Lord, Lord, you, you, you, I dwell in the comfort of your presence and I will not bow down to the world of c- to, to the world of convenience. I won't bow down to the whack satanic whack world.The whack, eat-- fucking bomboclaat. I don't need to go in, in... They don't wanna talk about two min- But it's... Yo, uh, I guess we got to make it... Uh, the other... You know, the, pe- the... For people to think... You know, when they say that, that the word, uh... I'm f- mumbled and stumbled. Let me breathe in. Yo, what I'm trying to say is I caved in on saying that the biggest trick the devil had ever done played was making people thinks, think that he did not exist because he got played out as Freddy Krueger. They played him out as Michael Myers. They played the devil out as, yo, Chucky the doll. They played it out so much that nobody cares at all. The people that he got hi-... They hypnotized people to not believe at all. But that's the worst thing when an enemy be out. It's the worst thing to let your guard down in a vulnerable state, at a vulnerable time, without any help. Your best to get the Lord Almighty on your side, and stay there, and be there. And, and actually, you stay on his side. But first, you got to get on h-... You got to come to know him and love him, and let him run with you. Spiritual stubbornness can temporarily blind a man out of his will. Uh, here we go. Here I go. Should I take this job? Here I go, here I go. Will I take this job? We can be so stubborn even when discerning God's will. When I make even a big life-changing decision, I will think of myself. Should I leave this job? Should I date this person? Should I take on this project? Should I inject this vaccination into an arm, into a leg, into a head, into a what? Oh, man. Got to find the beats. I don't know what any of these are. I mean, I never do, but, I mean, the, the photos... No, don't... I'm not trying to play it again. I just... Just bear with me, guys. I'm sorry, sorry. Very sorry. Very sorry that I'm having to go look for a beat. Just chill for a minute and I won't concede. I won't stop. I won't back down. I won't go out easy now. I won't stop. I won't back down. I'm not hiding out at an airport or an airplane craft, or a spacecraft mission on an overseen spy man, spy man and then 007. I'm chilling with spy man and his 007. I'm running with spy man and his 007. He running with spy... He the man in 007. I'm with it. I don't drink. I don't get it. But believe me, I don't get it. I don't drink. If I'm drinking, it's Dos Equis, I meant it. I don't drink every day, but if I do, we know I'm drinking Dos Equis. That's the double X dude. The dude from Mexico. The dude you wanna know. The dude that's so nasty, he's... Would be a GoPro filming him when he's brushing his teeth. He's so interesting. He's the most interesting man on the planet. He wishes. He wants it. They have it. They own it. They sold it. They bought it. They chopped it. They knocked it. They knocked it down, and mixed it up, and mixed it out, and boiled it down, and plopped it up, and chopped it down, and mixed it up, and sold it now. Sold and worked it up, mixed it out. Sold and worked it up, mixed it out. They sold it to the crowds and to the crowds. Done buying up, done buying up more. Buying up, buying up, buying up more. Buying up, buying up, buying up more. Buying up, buying up, buying up more. That's why people don't go no show. People don't go to no shows anymore. People only stay inside and buy even more shit from a Amazon and from another place. Frick MySpace, they on a space race. Get on a case on your environment. What I mean is don't get bent. Yo. Fix your credit on Experian. Yo, fix your credit, TransUnion. Fix your credit, uh, Equifax. Yo, fix your credit, TransUnion. Yo, fix your credit, Experian. Yo, fix your credit, Credit Union. Fix your credit, fix your credit. Delete your inquiries right about now. Go ahead, delete your inquiries. So, anyhow. Yo. Remove any delinquencies. Make sure everything's set up on automatic ACH so you'll never have any 30-day lay payments. Don't ever let a 30-day payment go by. You need to catch it like a fucking blood clot, flu, disease. You know, don't let it ac-... Uh, what the hell? Yo, my phone tripped out when I said COVID flu disease. This, the phone started interrupting and was like scanning me. Yo, my, my phone better stand back the fuck up off of me. Because if my fi- phone tries to turn into the T-1000, it will see who the real man and who the liquid is. I will have to drop it inside of burning lava or water, or whatever it is. If the phone try, try to get me, it's been known. I, oh, I've gone and destroyed iPads 13 and 15 inches from the top of my house in Wilmington on the third, fourth floor. Threw it off in the parking lot and smashed it in a million pieces. Dropped millions of liters of gallons of bleachs on it, hit it with an egg, hit it with a brick, smashed it in half. Yo, I dominated and smashed and destroyed that iPad, and iPod, and iPhone. I had... I'm going to tell, upload that video and put it in the background of every iPhone that I have and every Macintosh that I have. So if there's any arti- artificial intelligence, they will always see me smashing it up, mashing it up, macking it down, totally maxxed, they can't stop me now. The artificial intelligence already knows its fucking place and bound. Now, where as we be, the Lord create... Oh, snap. Oh, I, I... What? Yo. Don't even try to stop the raps, you know better than that. The Lord created the human being. The Lord didn't create the computer, the Lord created the human being. The Lord didn't create the computers, the Lord created human being. The Lord created us, didn't create you.Siri computer, fake shit, tried to censor me. Don't mess with me. Yo, essentially there better be two classes if they make robotic energy that walk around and talks in sounds that might sound like English that you know and me understand now. But they try to flip the script and they want human ro- human responsibilities, human rights. Nah, we... That robotics can't get no human rights 'cause they're not us. They're not, they're not human beings. They're trying to flip the script on he and she and transgender primarily to be able to use the pronouns and give the robots free rights and human rights. They're flipping transgenders languages to pave the ro- road for T-1000s to get human rights. Watch it. I don't want it to be. Hopefully it don't be. Let's all pray that it will not and will be, uh, never protected from o- oc- occurring and people will wake up and s- supposed to produce something that's put an end to this ridiculous and awful technocracy. Okay. Uh, Sam, you need to find some beats. D- I'm... Stop that. Makaveli and his illuminati. All through your body. Blows like a 12-gauge shotty. Uh. Uh. I don't know. Feel me. I could, I can go. I could talk with him, but, uh... Don't worry. It's got more. You know what I mean? That's right. Thanks and praise. Everyone, thanks and praise. Hold it up. Put your hands together and hold it up. Give thanks and praise. H- put your hands up. Hold it up. Light it up. Praise it up. Hold it up. Hold it up. Raise it up. Roll it up. Hold it up. Hmm. Here we go. Yeah. Uh. Strictly, strictly Christian. We on a mission. We on a mission from God. Wha- what? Oh my gosh. See how the devil tries to... Hey, yo, my thumb slipped and hit the screen and slipped off the beat. We have... That's ridiculous. Now we know we have to rap this tune, man. This is rid- this r- freestyle. Let the spirit speak through you. Tr- and try to let it go. Ridiculous how the devil tried to tickle this and stop the voice of the Lord speaking to go stop wickedness and protect his people, protect his sheep, protect his gathering, protect his, protect his four mai- his, his children , his, their seeds and their families. Yo, let me get back on track and on my en- my energy. Lord, bless me and bless my words and bless my heart. Help me to get my point across. So far, I don't know if I have. I tried to... Cannot look down, yo, the backwards. I'm more looking for words and staying in the moment, staying on balancing words like on a water wave, ocean flying, surfing water going by. Can't deciding. Have to make a decision whether it's left or right. Have to make a decision whether to get down or stand back and tight and try to stay with the rhythm unfolding, whether I get a good word that's reknowing. I don't know, even think that's as, as important going with the pattern. You have to stay inside the rhythm and, yo, that's what matters. Number one. Number one, that's, that's what matters. When making freestyles, yo, that's what matters. Have to stay in rhythm, rhythm with the beat. Whether the music raps, yo, or rhymes, it's ex- defeat us. Even if you can't even get the most toastiest best rhyme to get with the best vibe. It doesn't matter as long as you stay within the line rhymes. Y- Or the medical methodologies. The melodies have to stay, have to be with the rhythmic. Don't twist it. Get it bigged up, un- unless you missed it. You can hit up different energy of, and at different frequencies when you're going inside the different music temperatures and going on and up and down and tap and down and new tonalities of difference getting nationalities in the biscuit. Counting on you, it's a mission. Don't forget. Yo. Yo. That's our vision. Yo, AstraZeneca, what they do there? AstraZeneca, they're there trying to move there, trying to get our people to take a vaccine. Yo, we don't all take a vaccine. Yo. Never take another vaccine. No. We never take another vaccine. Went to Budapest in the sky, super fly, super Buddha monk chilling with another one. That's our side. That's with another guy in an MMA contest. Go and test yourself to the best. If you want to go and fight another dude, watch your head and protect your neck is what I'm saying, dude. Example, by shifting your whole weight and moving forward from a lower weight to a type of taste, though a body though, and rather not hitting from the top. Always focus how you want, broPro, I'm telling you like you were a professional. Not like you are a pronoun. Hell no. Use your right hand and use your left hand. Your performance is getting on and establishment. Yo, I like to tell them the content. Left brain planning. Best to be on the right brain enhancing, performing you will be consciously interfering with paralysis, analysis. Thus this important behavior and trust program is unconscious material. Even if it's not the best program, it's best to get activity on immediately. In effective trying to be, consciously change in some way, you're actually performing and changing and getting new ways. Performing and changing and getting best place and best ways and new programs of hab- patterns and habits. Your new behavioral pattern and habits are getting even more cleaner but stronger, more numerous and more numerous. Getting more precision, post-hypnotics. Yo, practicing, performing then getting romance. Rehearsing sp- specific skills though and that enhance. That enhance to maximize, yo, what's inside and that's to see next to music. Music is ecstasy. Music is ecstasy and unconscious mind establish the program. Music is ex- ecstasy by decide, memorize how you see and then ignoring. Don't ignore what's behind that door in your mind. Don't hide what's going on. Don't see what's showing on. Yo, I have to go to the gym. That's right. I have to lift some muscles people don't know they had inside. Yo, we all, we all more than we see in the mirror. We all more than that. All more. Love teach us. Love teach us. Yo, love teach us. Rabbi, Lord teach us. Lord, teach us. Teach us. Lord teach us the likelihood of our spiritual success. Oh Lord teach us the path of spiritual success. Lord teach us the path of the distance. Lord teach us, give us strength through the progress. Lord teach us and give us a positive low-keyed approach. And Lord help us not boast when we good to get the best results. Lord teach us to be, yo, disciplined. And Lord teach us to be filled with energy. And Lord teach us to be giving, dear one. Lord, we love you are the Lord, our parents, dear one. Yo, Lord help me. Lord help me. I want to do your r- I want to really live your will. I need to be the strongest and flexible and in addition I need to come creativity. Uh, I need creativity, comforter and relive. Lord, I know you're in multiple dimension. Uh, I maximize my hope. I need to communication on the regular. I think it's dope. Dope. Yo, a word just about it. Commonly known as, uh, anxiety and despair, Lord. So Lord, take away any despair in the future. If I had a future book with my name on it, Lord, right there. Lord, could you go open the book and go there? Lord, could you open the future to my book and remove any of the anxieties, fears and wounds? Lord, remove all the anxieties that are up in the book, Lord. Thank you. Uh. And if Lord made the spirit also remove any un- you know, Lord, any unnecessary suffering and pain. Anything that I wouldn't like very much, if you know what I'm saying. Lord, beg up and Lord thank you. In his holy name, his holy name. Many parents had to blame a bad environment for never raising their children in the best ad- best mental sane place. But that was it not necessary, the nece- sort of gadgetry and books and e- timing, technology. Running up and growing up was just one of them stuff people had to do naturally before they throw up of h- not have to rakin', makin', that tastin', the very, very bacon and eggs that they eatin' in the breakfast. Can't miss this. Have another list. Go to the store to get more. A giant checklist. We ha- have a giant checklist. We'll write down, but also read the word of God on every Sunday to bless the family and bless the country. America was very blessed back in the day, back in the day. The Lord had blessed the country fully. Now, looking back, we can see how much the Lord has blessed. He's blessed America. You can just see if you read the science and the ancient samurai Samaritan scrolls. You know what I'm saying? Them Samaritan scrolls, yo. There's Dead Sea Scrolls. Samaritan Scrolls. Yo, we got, we got different tie-dye shirts that we sell on our website. You know what I'm saying, man? We got merch, we got, we got T-shirts, we got merch. We got tie-dye, we got... Bro, we got the Egyptian T-shirts that we got straight off the pyramid. Boy, dudes, with the, the camels, you know what I'm saying? They just hustling these camel shirts that we bought off the dude in the... You know what I mean? It's Egypt, have them shipped back to New Jersey, Atlantic City. We making money. Best thing's funny. Yo, there's nobody even use another camel. People used to r- smoke them back in the, back in the days.I'd like to change, had to come before anyone had to begun to put down the cigarettes, what they did for fun. Back in the days, that's how they did it. Nowadays, now they use a new technology, children. Nowadays you can get into a car and drive, let it drive you around as far as you want. Not as far as another one with the fuel, but way quieter. Anybody's amused with it. And now you can enjoy the feeling, being in your very special place. And now you can enjoy feeling the being and being in a very special place. And now you can enjoy the feeling of being in your special place, place. And now you can enjoy the feeling of being in your special place, place. And now you can enjoy the feeling of being in your special place, place. And now you can enjoy the feeling of being in your special place, being. Perhaps as you walk, you can feel the ground beneath your feet, feet. The warmth and comfort of walking across similar comfort, softness. Air strikes your skin and body, pleasantness and warm from the sun, from the sun. Number one, can see your surroundings. Begun animals and planets, sky from above and firmament that you love, and there but then you see the pictures vivid in your mind and experience the real skies filled with birds. Illusion, dropping the- Illusion. All these birds flying high in the sky. I'm dropping the- These dudes trying to cop my line, cop my line. Dude, don't drop the mic by design. Dude, get, get, get this guy outta here. Yo, this is, can't be causing a... Dropping the illusion, dropping the illusion. Bro, no. There's no illusions, man. Don't,, uh, you got, you gotta go, bro. Sorry, man. No, it's my beat now. That's right. Stop that. Mm. All right. Oh, yeah. That's right. That's right. Oh, yeah. That's right. That's right. Oh, yeah. That's right. That's right. Oh, yeah. That's right. That's right. The force of gravity that comes from the moon and acts like controllers. Super casies and over the seas, you can see the ocean rising with tide pools. Gained an eternity on my live stream, on that stream. Yo, I chanted the hollered curses. People was again alerting me. Usually bypass the security on the iPhone. I had to go and inject it all alone. Yo, home alone with the masses. Get re-alerting, checking for weathers and blasters. Now you are sleeping so soundly. Unh. You are sleeping, you are sleeping, so you're seeping. People say hello, the bladder's speaking. And I'm full, when the brain sends a message back. It's like, "We're busy right now. I'ma get you back. Holler at the music. I'ma get you back." Deepen enhancement. Deeps in enhancement, time distortion, running the words, what you flourishing. Big it on up, big it on out, big enough now, hit it right now, we gots to get it, the topic, the music, the wallet, the whole sometime phenomenons is platonic. Yo, it's areas of application, time distortion, maybe particular or having in the working value or accurate the time beat, childish and training, technique and helping patients endure unavoidable experiences or possible suffering that come, become conscious consequential. You know, consequences of living through life. You know, unfortunately there's back bumbaclot all around, but also beautiful healing surround sound. Uh, uh, up and down. Round and round, round and round. Big it up, big it up. Hit it up, hit it up, what's up. Big it up, big it up. Big it up. Pick 'em up, pick 'em up. Big it up. Pick 'em up, pick 'em up. Big it up. Pick 'em up, pick 'em up. Pick 'em up. Pick 'em up, pick 'em up. Pick 'em up. Pick 'em up, pick 'em up. Pick 'em up. Pick 'em up, pick 'em up. Pick 'em up. Yeah. Yeah. Get your fucking ass away, but you're trapped and there's no way out of this mushroom cloud. But you didn't ever want to realize the doubt planted in your mind. All right. I guess, uh, I don't have to stop. I'll just add this in and take the other p- slice off later. This part here is gonna be Cyber Cyl, uh, and do swear and say stupid things in order to remove any curses or, uh, or we're just looking for the texture, the rhythms matching ability, the tonality, and the rhythms we're looking to mimic and copy, not the vulgarity of his me- of his words. Amen. Thank you. Let's get this, guys. Come in, come inside. Hello everybody, welcome in. Think you'd better be ready for the battle when the shit goes down, 'cause we want it. All you fucking yellow cam- Oh wait, it's... ... rats running from the front line. Think you probably want to get away. Hey, I'm finding your fucking ass in due time. Get ready. Running scenes- Call me in June- ... of fucking dead moves of the scare. Oh, no. Flip it over again 'cause you can't... Hmm. Wait to get your fucking ass away, but you're, you're trapped and there's no way out of this mushroom cloud. But you didn't ever want to realize the doubt planted in your mind. Cyber Cyl compound. Now I need to take a break. I can come back, but I need to take a break. I think. I think I need to take a break. Well, it's almost 100 minutes. We might as well at least get 100 in. You think? Uh... Well, it's 85 minutes. The other one was 75 minutes. I think you made it up. You could hit up another one. 