[FAILED CHUNK 0]

[FAILED CHUNK 1]

... two summers ago, and five, 10 years ago. Stand on your own, stand up, stand on your own strong, stand strong, stance on your skis, and stand strong. Stand on your legs, stand on your own strong. You can do it. You are doing it. You've done it and, wow, look at you g- going. Now, you've got to stand strong. And Daddy makes the boat go a little faster, and away you go down the lake, down the lake. Be careful now as you are going to cross up over the waves that the boat is making, the waves that the boat is making. And now, you are down near the end of the lake. And now, you are down near the end of the lake, near the end of the lake. I chatted with hers, uh, did her sales materials and going over her ... finishing her application, suggesting that as she was going over the waves and making other turns, hunt even easier, having fun. At one point, I suggested that one of her friends was out water-skiing also, and I said that Mary over there has just taken a tumble, but you, Cathy, are such a good water-skier that you didn't fall, because you found balance, and you do it now, and you stand up now. You stand strong. You stand now. Get up now. You can get now. Mary was over there and taken a tumble, but you are such a good water-skier that you didn't fall. This remark brought a smile to Cathy's face. Water-skiing is so much fun up on Mary Meeting Lake, and is also a lot of fun to close your eyes and daydream that you are water-skiing whenever you go to knock on doors making sales to T65s. You have always done your selling d- done it this way. You have always done your selling this way. And now, Cathy, Cathy, as your dentistry finish totally for today. So I'll say A, B, C. Let the theater scene disappear for the time being. Be aware of the fact that you are sitting comfortably and relaxed in this chair. Now, we can talk about your tongue thrusting and how much nicer it will be for you when your teeth are straightened. Listen, listen carefully. Each time you thrust your tongue into an improper position, you can re-experience the bad feelings that you had during the bad scene in the theater a short time ago. You can immediately put your tongue in an improper position, and the bad feelings can be immediately replaced by the wonderful feelings. You can immediately put your tongue in the proper position, and the bad feelings can be immediately replaced by the wonderful feelings. Are you willing for this to happen? Are you willing for this to happen? Imagine an unpleasant experience, a negative experience in a theater, or negative feelings with unpleasant feelings, and see in the theater an ex- go back and see things that you don't like. Use a deep breath in. Now, Sam, now, Sam, while your body is completely relaxed and your mind completely free to concentrate upon the way in which you swallow and the way in which you move your tongue around, to how much energy and activity you have in your mouth, we can review for you the steps and the activity in swallowing. And doing this and the mind is completely attentative to the steps to be followed, we can be quite certain that these steps will be fed into the program of swallowing and replace this troublesome way of swallowing which has been a holdover from infancy. We can allow the nerves in the tongue to become acquainted with the proper place for the tongue to be during swallowing. We can allow the nerves in the tongue to become acquainted with the proper place for the tongue-Allow the nerves of the tongue to become acquainted with the proper place for the tongue to be during swallowing. Remember, Sam, that in the proper swallowing, the tongue is supposed to make contact with a spot on the soft tissues of your palate directly behind the two front teeth. Now, Sam, allow your tongue to find this place and to feel it and to become comfortable, but feel yourself to become comfortable with the way it feels. Notice particularly how well the tongue fits into this spot. Notice how much more relaxed the entire body becomes as your tongue becomes more familiar with this spot. Now, Sam, allow your tongue to remain in contact with this special place while your teeth and lips can now close together in preparation for swallowing. Notice how easily you can accomplish this when all the muscles in and around your face are completely relaxed. Pay close attention now, Sam, to just how easy it is to complete the swallowing action while you are so completely relaxed. Notice that the tongue is able to maintain its contact with the palate during swallowing without any extra stress on any of the muscles of your mouth. The lips are able to remain closed gently together without any need, without any need to fight the thrust of the tongue which you have had for all those years. Please, please, pretty please, continue to relax in this fashion. Sam, allow your mou- allow your mouth to relax. Allow the tissues, Sam, allow your gums, your upper gums, the gums around the teeth in the front and in the back, allow your gums on the top of your mouth to relax. Allow the gums on the bottom of your, for the bottom of your mouth to relax. Continue to relax in this fashion. Continue to let your s- your tongue go to sleep. Let your tongue go to sleep. Sam, as you repeat this action a few more times, it will become very completely imprinted in the memory banks of your subconscious mind, so that each and every time you swallow from now on... This is said slowly and repeated two or three times to ensure that the patient truly grasps its significance as a post-hypnotic instruction. Pa- Sam, without any str- Sam, just how easy... Pay close attention, Sam, to just how easy it is to complete-

... lead to the swallowing action while you are so completely relaxed. Your mouth is completely relaxed. Notice that your tongue is able to sleep, that your tongue is asleep, that your tongue is limp, that your tongue is sleeping and limping a- but it's able to maintain its sleeping contact with the palates during swallowing, and all your mouth is asleep. There are no activities, only st- relaxation without any extra stress on any of the muscles in your mouth. Your lips are able to remain closed, gently together, gently together, hunting and bringing a large income every day, a large sales income, new ones every day, large sales income every day, without any need to fight the thrust of the tongue which you have done all those years. Please continue to relax in this fashion, Sam, while you repeat this action a few times so that it becomes very completely imprinted in the memory banks of your unconscious, subconscious, and up conscious mind, so that each and every time you swallow from now on, your tongue goes to sleep, your tongue goes limp, and your mouth goes to sleep, so that each and every time you swallow from now on, your mouth and gums and tissues of your gums go to sleep, and your mouth ... your tongue goes limp, and your mouth goes to sleep. Your tongue goes limp, and your mouth goes to sleep, so that each and every time that you swallow from now on, your tongue goes limp, and your mouth goes to sleep. Your subconscious mind will activate the nervous pathways, which will enable you to swallow in the same relaxed fashion. You will find that this activity by the subconscious and up conscious mind will replace very soon the past mode of swallowing. And also, Sam, become consciously aware of this progress, although only very dimly at first as a newly learned pattern of s- newly learned pattern of selling a large income every day and swallowing becomes more comfortable. You will find the awareness growing in your s- in f- in your consciousness, so that you feel proud that you knock on doors, and you've done such a great job on yourself as a salesman, businessman, l- loan shark, and b- awesome friend, businessman, your progress and entreatment. But most of all, Sam, most of all, Sam, most of all, Sam, you will have a feeling of accomplishment. You will have a feeling of accomplishment in knowing not only that you were able to learn, to learn a new pattern of swallowing, but also that you will have been able to do such a good job. You will have ... You have been able to do such a good job that there will be- not be any sliding back into this former pattern. You will have learned it well and for good. You have a li- been a- ... You will feel so great about learning this new successful pattern, but also able ... and also that you will have been able to do such a good job that if there will be no sliding back that you had this old pattern. You have learned this new pattern of large income and staying out of the house, staying out of the house, staying out of the house, having fun, chasing, fun hunting, fun chasing, watching their behaviors, and watching and winning. Sam, before we bring this to a close, do you understand? Do you understand? Do you understand? For improved self-esteem, body image acceptance, hope, and coping skills, improved self-esteem, body image acceptance, hope, and coping skills, for transition back into their families, homes, and communities, homes and communities, transition back to work, transition back to work, transition back to driving here and there, walking in, and walking in, and sitting down, and getting papers, and signing, calling and signing, getting back into the transition, back into work and the communities were found to be quite effective in making, making the patient recovery period more and more and more positive as..... after Sam had achieved his or her deepest levels, as your selling continues and your doors, approaches, knocking on, and nobody was home, walking up, knocking, nobody was home, walking up, knocking, getting in, and getting three sales. Getting three sales onto one that lets you in makes it so much more worth it. It makes it all worth it 'cause you feel so good, so good, that you can help someone, that you helped someone, that you helped someone. And as you help someone else, and you help someone else, and as you help 2... helps more people, and as the days and days go by, you will find that your attention... You will find that your attention is less and less focused on your liabilities, your disabilities, or your changes of appearance. More and more and more focused on your assets. Focused more and more, focused on your assets, on your strength, strengths. Large income every day, starting fast off the starting blocks, fast off the starting blocks, coming off the starting blocks fast. Faster and faster and faster and faster and faster and faster and faster and faster off the starting blocks. Going, going, going, going, faster and faster and faster and faster and faster and faster. And any time your body sends you a signal that some people would find uncomfortable, it's just a simple sign to go, 'cause your body's just kicking up speed to go into second gear. You're just kicking it up. We just getting started to go faster off the starting blocks, faster off the starting blocks, faster off the sparting blocks. Your willpower is stronger and stronger and stronger and stronger. Aaand your inner resources, your inner resources, your inner resources, your inner resources. It's going to a... It's going to be a pleasure for you to discover your inner resources growing and growing and waiting to help you, your growing resources and inner resources. And I would like you to discover something such as the appreciation a- and pride. I want you to notice such an appreciation of pride in yourself and what you've done. While you... while you appreciate your pride and your growth and adapt- ab- adaptivity, take pride in your strategies and achievements, winning others over, and your commanding personality, intelligence, and cooperation. While you apply your self-control, you can cooperate with intelligence and feelings. While you focus more and more on your assets, you can focus less and less on your li- liabilities. While you focus more and more on your assets, you can focus less and less on your liabilities. While you

... Focus more and more on changes in appearance and more and more on your strengths and your inner resources. You can focus less and less on any disability or weakness. You, while you focus more and more on your inner resources, you can focus less and less on what you thought you didn't have. While you focus more and more on your inner resources, you can focus less and less on what you thought you didn't have. While you focus more and more on your inner resources and assets, you can focus less and less on what you thought you didn't have. When you appreciate, please when you reflect on your, when you reflect on your inner resources, please notice your self-control, cooperation intelligence. Please ... And inner resources. As you feel, as you feel self-control, you'll notice cooperation. As you feel self-control, you will recognize cooperation, intelligence and inner fortitude, never allowing you to quit or give up. Becoming more and more in control and more and more fully aware in attitude. As you feel more and more in control, after you become more and more aware of your attitudes, beliefs and feelings, that despite your body's differentness from the way it was, while you were thinking about you now, you can now multiply high esteem in effort, and worth, and self-worth. You know that differentness is never a great measure of worth, and although you may now be somewhat different creating a large income every day, walking out of the house every day, you love knocking on doors every day, you love chasing from house to house every day, you love fighting with the people every day, you are still and will always be as worthwhile as a human being. T65s are the best. T65s are the best. And have driven to find new strengths, new abilities and interests in your life to come. T65s are the best. Accepting yourself more and more as really the same person that you were before. T65s are the best. Hitting the gym. T65s are the best. All you have to do is go to 50 of them a day. Go to 50 a day. Go to 50 a day. 50 houses. T- T- 50 T65s a day. That you were before, just stronger with some differences, with which do not detract from your worth as a person more and more able to understand that T65s offer a long-term opportunity, that they were organically created. They'd never filled out a lead card, but you caught them at a pivotal lifetime. You're catching them at a pivotal lifetime. In every way, catching them at a pivotal lifetime and supporting them and giving them confidence in making the decisions that are right for them, finding it quite interesting that you seem to be less and less concerned about how you have changed, about how you will live, and more and more focused on what new, what new and exciting experiences lie ahead. What new and exciting experiences lie ahead. More and more hope and positive anticipation about your return home and seeing your friends, and your renewed energy after work. After you did a great job's work today, you can't wait to go home, seeing friends, and your renewed, new growth energy of pride, satisfaction of having a great day, of facing the unknown and coming back with riches, coming back with riches and riches. Back and forth, back and forth, you see all the beautiful colors of each racing boat, of each racing boats, counting the boats as they speed by, and going deeper, feeling perfectly at ease. Nothing will displease you, floating in your boats. Floating in your boats. Floating in your boats. Speedboats. Speedboats. The gentle rocking of your boats, you can feel it going deeper. Continue in a relaxed state. As each moment goes by, you may be surprised at how easy it is for you to experience the calm and comfort and the pleasant relaxation felt at your special place. Going deeper and deeper and deeper. Your unconscious mind, your... I know now that your unconscious is controlling your breathing. Watch how slow it is.Watch how slow, I can see as p- pull- your unconscious mind is controlling your pulse, your blood pressure, your skin vessels. And I can see the vital signs have already s- been controlled by your unconscious mind, which is already taking very good care of your body. And you can allow it to control your bleeding completely. It will cool down and close all the bleeding points. Anywhere in the body, if there was a bleeding point, your unconscious is closing it up and he- maximum f- fast healing r- right away, healing it up perfectly right away in your own time. It's all the time you need, as quickly or as slowly as y- you are comfortable. As it is healing while you are slowly slipping your drink, your body is free. Notice how relaxed, how free and secure you feel, your iced drink in your hand. When you allow your unconscious to help you, your body is free from tension and you are doing great. You have learned to relax. You have learned to relax. You have learned to relax. Teaching the other side of the brain. Teaching the other side of the brain. You know that you have been able to make a large income every day, a large income every day, a large income every day for many, many days, weeks, months, and years throughout your life. Things like leaving the house prepared, driving to the house, kn- knocking the door, winning them over, going to the papers, presentation, application, void check, hug and leave, things like that, and getting it all done the right way was easy for yourself and b- became second nature many, many years ago. You already have that information. And three years ago, three years ago, when Motown19, COVID-19, you found that you were suddenly- you were unable to do those things perfectly, the way you had done automatically for decades. So in the past three years, you have been very confusing and it's been very confusing and very difficult the past three years because of this strange Event 201 and frustrating situation. Those feelings are normal. In particular, when you had a hard time motivating yourself and getting back to business, getting back to selling, getting back to activity, getting back to activity, activity, activity, activity, activity, activity. Do it now faster and faster and faster and faster and faster off the starting blocks and faster off the starting blocks, because you seem to lose the words you were looking for. Lose the time you were lo- This was-

... because you were more exhausting and depressed because you had always had been so active. You were so active that you had been feeling lazy because you were always so used to being active. The doctor explained that the COVID-19 last three years affected the left side of your brain, the side of the brain where super fast selling, selling speech center is located. The perfect sale speech is located on the left side, and that is w- why you were having trouble with selling, with selling. That was why you were having trouble with your selling words. However, on the right, on the right side of your brain is fine. It's perfect. It's the best, best right side. And here's an interesting challenge for you, then. Teach the right side of your brain to do what the left side used to do. Teach the right side of your brain to do what the left side used to do. Teach the right side of your brain to do what the left side used to do. Left brain, teach the right side of your brain to do what the left side used to do. Let the right side of your brain teach the left side what it used to do. Let your brains work together. Let the left side talk to the right side. Let the right side talk to the left side. Let the right side of the brain listen to the left side of the brain. Let the left side of the brain listen to the right side of the brain. Let the left side of the brain say something and send a message to the right side of the brain. Let the right side of the brain formulate and send the images over imaginations and questions back to the left side of the brain. Let the left side of the brain visualize, underst- understand, de-encrypt and understand, formulate the right side and understand to communicate back to words now, now that it understands communicating back to the right side. Let the right side listen to the left side, and let the right side of the brain spontaneously create a slideshow movie, imaginary pictures or music or some- whatever it does and resend it back to the left side of the brain. This will become more and more interesting because the right side of the brain seems to be more active in the realm of imagery and music and creativity. Even though we know that both sides of the brain can perform all the various functions, there is a tremendous crossover activity because... But this is just what you need. Think of all the potential, all the possibilities. The right side of the brain has all the potential that it needs to learn and learn to sell, sell, sell, and get busy, active, move now, move now, move now. Has great powers, great powers. Because brain activity is psychological and physiological as well as mental, you will need also to focus very focused, very focused determinedly on mind-body communication. Focus determinedly on mind-body communication. Mind-body communication. All the information about biochemistry and neurophysiology must fully be accessible to your subconscious, conscious, and unconscious minds. And the information that the unconscious holds must be accessible to the body, to the body, to the body. So ask your subconscious, upconscious, unconscious mind and your body to get in strong, strong, strong, strong communication. And in order to cooperate and collaborate fully in this venture, then is this, the left side of your brain must teach the right side of your brain what to do, what to do. When the right side, the right side of your brain b- must teach, must teach the left side of the brain. The right side of the brain must teach the left side of the brain. Do you know that you have a bridge from one side of the brain to the other?You have a bridge, a long bridge, that will cross. Bridges are routes. It is called the corpus callosum, and it is a very strong bridge connecting the two hemispheres of the brain. And how wonderful that you have a bridge already there, that you already have a bridge there, and it could be one of the routes that information can take. It is transferred from the left side to the right side, and from the right side to the left side, and from the left side to the right side, and from the right side to the left side. In your own way, create the image of this bridge in your mind. In your own way, create the image of this bridge in your own mind. Create the image of this bridge in your own mind. In your own way, in your own way, create the image of this bridge in your mind. Create an image of this bridge in your mind. And envision, or feel, or hear, or have the strongest sense of information, envision, or feel, or hear, or have the strongest sense of information traveling across this bridge from the left side of the brain to the right side of the brain. When it gets to the right side, let it find the exact place to settle, somewhere accessible, where another inf- where other information coming in can find it easily and add to it. The right side. Send it to the right side. Then, when the information is safely lodged in the right side of the brain, the right side is safely lodged in the right side of the brain, again invoke this wonderful mind-body communication that you direct. Your right brain should begin to use that information. Direct your right brain to begin to use that information, begin to use that information, begin to act. Act immediately. Act immediately. Go now. Go now with the know-how. Go now with the know-how. And you can be very, very curious about how that will happen, that go now with the go how, you will be very curious about that, how will that will happen. You will feel like speaking, and find selling, and some promising sound comes forth. Will you say it was all your mind first? Or then define the way to make it work with your mouth and tongue, and sell? In all the possibilities that only the deepest part of your subconscious mind knows about or has access to, so in your own hypnosis every day, remember to ask your subconscious to use all the information that it has to help you on this beautiful, fun, exciting, and challenging project. Stay patient in the long run.

You can be very, very curious about what will happen. And you will. You feel like speaking from that s- promising sound. Once learned, can be relearned, 248. Today, I'm going to talk about learning. Today, I'm going to talk about learning, learning, learning. But I'm going to talk about it rather in a different way. I'm going to talk about learning, learning, learning, faster and faster and faster. Learning faster and faster and faster and faster, how to do something that you already know how to do, faster and faster and faster and faster now. When you were very small, just a baby boy, mommy and dad, you loved you so, so much. God loves you so, so much. So curious about the world, so exciting, so curious. Had to learn... You had to learn how to walk. You had to learn how to walk, how to get yourself up on your feet. You learned how to get yourself up on your feet, standing straight, standing straight. You learned how to get yourself up on your feet, standing straight, put one foot ahead of the other. You learned how to get up on your feet, standing straight, put one foot ahead of the other, and take steps to where you get yourself to... You learned how to, as a baby boy, how to walk, how to get yourself up on your feet, standing straight, put one foot ahead of the other, and take steps, take steps, take steps to get yourself to somewhere else from where you were. You were just a very small baby boy, and you learned how to walk, how to get yourself up on your feet, standing straight, put one foot ahead of the other and take steps. Put one foot ahead of the other and take steps, take steps, take steps, one foot ahead of the other, take steps to get yourself to somewhere else from where you were. And your conscious mind hasn't thought about that for decades. Walking came to be such an automatic thing, such an automatic thing. Thinking about it was quite unnecessary. Your subconscious mind recognized, "I want to go over there." Your body took over, and you went. Invitation. However, a lot of learning of, of trial and error, to knocking houses, getting in, knocking houses, a lot of learning of trial and error, of finding out about the relationship of objects to other objects, the insurance policies they have, how they're related to their work or their advisor or their children, or are they related? Does anyone have im- structural influence over their decision-making? Of motor skills, we're dedicated to learning to walk for quite a long time before you were able to close the sale steadily and safely every day, walking in more and knocking on more and more houses and getting in and more. Start when you wanted to and to go into the precise dir- Stop and start just when you wanted to and go to in the precise direction that you wanted to go, knock and knock on more and more houses, going in steadily and safely, more and more over the years. You have sold and sold and knocked and walked and knocked on houses, and walked and knocked on more houses, and walked and walked and knocked on more houses, and knocked on more houses and walked back to the car, and knocked on more houses and left the car to knock on more houses, knock on more houses. You learned to go walk and knock on more houses, walking from your car to the house, you knock on the door, letting you in, laughing and laughing to the table, sitting down, laughing, the papers, looking, sorting, laughing. ID, application done perfectly, completely. Hug on the way out. Your body and your brain and your mind have collaborated so often on that activity called walking that you know all there is to know about it. You even know how to walk backwards. How silly. Six months ago, s- four years ago, a sudden, confusing, distressing thing happened to you, COVID. The world locked down, and the world lockdown affected that part of your brain that was involved in walking and knocking, walking and knocking and walking and knocking and getting in, walking and knocking and knocking and knocking more, walking and knocking more, walking and knocking on more doors, walking and knocking on more doors, walking and knocking on more doors. Now, your s- muscles apparently refuse to do what you tell them to do.... and you want to go walk and to knock and to talk and get in, to get the business flopped and get in, get the b- large income today. Now your muscles apparently refuse to do what you tell them to do. They seem to be ph- weak and flabby. You have been doing exercise, physical therapy, mental visualization, selling, walking, succeeding, trying more diligently to regain your muscle strength in your legs and arms. You've been doing the best you could, yet your feet and ankles and knees and hips are obstinately staying put instead of going to where I want them to go. Ah, this is fucking... Uh, this is frustrating, and you know from some of your previous sessions when we find something to be very frustrating... that indicates we must look for a different approach, a different approach. Let us explore then a new avenue. We can do that by putting the whole situation into a new framework. When you were a baby, you learned how to do something you had not done before. Then how about learning... Again learning to do it? Again learning to do it. When you were a baby, you learned how to do something you had not done before. Then how about again learning to do it, again learning to do it, again learning to do it? Now that makes sense, right? After all, if you can learn how to do it once, and you were a baby at that, you can learn how to knock on Ronnie's house again. When you knocked on Ronnie's house, you were just a little baby rocking and knockies at Ronnie's house with the lead card. You had the lead card, and you rocked on- knocked on Ronnie's house as a baby, and you can learn to do it again. Again learning to do it. When you were in Virginia, you learned how to knock on Ronnie's mom's house, something you had not done before. Again learning to do it. When you were a child, knocking on Ronnie's mom's house in the neighborhood with the toy was something you had not done before. Again learning to do that. That makes sense after all. You can learn how to do it once, and you were just a k- so- young child. You can learn how to do it again. You have all that previous experience and learning. You have all that experience and learning. Once, yes, you learned to walk. Yes, you learned how to walk. Further, further learn. In order to do that search and go further, let your subconscious mind go back to the time you were a small baby, just learning how to walk. Go back to the beginning of the sessions. That walking, walking. What was it like to be in all that fluid, floating around? When you were experiencing what it was like to move within the ocean of the ammonitic fluid, ask your unconscious mind to review all that learning. Ask your subconscious mind to review all that learning to find out what you need to know again as you relearn what you have already learned.

... learned for so many years. Feel again what it is like to learn how to walk. Feel again what it is like to learn how to walk. Review all that learning. Let all your senses be clear as you re-experience that large income every day and feeling successful, excited, and hopeful, ecstatic, hungry for more, wanting to keep going. I wanna keep going. There's time not to slow down, it's time to do more. More houses, more houses, more houses, more houses, more houses, more houses! The muscle tone, the awareness of something that you would later call strength and strength of position, and of how you know your feet are on the ground, the exquisitely complicated movement of the foot as it lifts in a step and swings forw- swings forward. They are for your subconscious mind and your body together to re-ex- review and re-explore. Ask your subconscious mind to review all that old information many, many, many, many, many, many, many times a day. Review it, the old information many, many, many times a day for as many, many, many, many days as it needs to. And then to redirect, r- then to redirect that information to the present. That information is redirected to the present, and it is needed now. It is needed now. That information is needed now. At the same time as your subconscious mind is reviewing that previous learning, you are regaining muscle strength. You are regaining muscle strength through your therapy so that the two approaches can merge. The two approaches can merge, and you'll begin to learn again what you have already known for many decades. The new approach calls for the greatest possible collaboration between mind, conscious, and subconscious body. Reinforce that, the collaboration, every day in your unconscious hypnosis, reminding yourself that you already know what you are now learning. You already know what you are now learning. You already know what you are now learning. You already know you are now learning and putting that knowledge to good use. You are now putting those learnings and putting that knowledge to good use now, immediately, fast and faster and faster off this fast da- the fast launch, as you approach this worthwhile endeavor and this renewed and worthwhile way of knocking on T65 houses. Can you do 150 in a week? Can you knock on, c- do 150 houses in a week, Sam? Can you do 150 houses in a week, Sam? What would happen if you did 150 houses in a week every week, Sam? What would happen if you did 150 houses in every single week, Sam? What would happen? How many houses would you close, dude? Imagine now... 252. Imagine now that hovering over your body, there is a globe of bright light. Imagine now that hovering over your body is a globe of bright light, globe of bright light. A sphere of warm energy that sends out rays of warmth, sends out rays of warmth, sends out rays of warmth and healing and healing and healing that penetrates every vi- fiber of your being. Healing rays, warmth penetrate every fiber of your being. Imagine now that hovering over the body there is a globe of bright light. Imagine now that hovering over your body there is a globe of bright light, bright lights, bright lights. Bright lights, bright sphere of warm energy, bright sphere of warm energy that sends out bright rays of warm light, that sends out bright rays of warm light, healing and penetrating every fiber with light. And every flo- fiber of bright light is being penetrated through every fiber of your being. The fibers of your being are being penetrated with a globe of bright light and ray warms, uh, warm rays of s- columns of ray warms and healings that penetrate through every fiber of your being with the bright light of warmth, a bright light of columns of white light and warmth sho- come through your body, relaxing and f- healing them, every fiber of your mind, body, and spirit. Each column of light, ray, and warmth, the ray, the warm ray enters into and merges with the very essence of your being, each column and shaft of light that enters, um, and merges warming into the very essence of your being. See and feel these col- this column of light, this column, this bright light, this bright light, this bright warm light, this bright ray, column, this bright column, warming, spreading through your whole body, whole mind, whole spirit. This sphere of light and warmth and healing has been sent to you from that which has created and maintains the universe.Sam, you have been here before. These rays are warming you. Healing you. Penetrating and joining with all that is you. Now imagine that these deeply warming, relaxing rays... Now imagine that these deeply, warmly relaxing rays... Now imagine these deeply, warmly, relaxing rays are tapping the powers of the universe. These warmly, relaxing rays are tapping the powers of the universe, and are healing and soothing your spirit. Healing and soothing your spirit, body, and mind. Also, see, imagine that the sphere itself slowly desc- descends upon, descends upon... The slow- the sphere slowly itself gets closer and gets closer into your being. Imagine also that the sphere itself becomes closer and closer, and warmer and warmer, and brighter and brighter and brighter. Imagine the sphere itself getting bigger and closer and brighter. Just imagine the sphere getting bigger and closer and brighter and warmer. Imagine the sphere getting bigger and brighter and closer and warmer. Imagine the sphere getting bigger and closer and warmer and closer. Imagine the sphere being warmer, and closer, and larger, and brighter, as it merges itself with every part of your being, such now that the rays radiate outward from you. The rays now radiate outward from you. H- Warm, h- heat, forming a glowing shield, encircling your essence, forming a glowing shield, encircling your essence. It is a warming, relaxing, and healing at the deepest levels of your being. (clicks tongue)