It all seemed so simple now. They couldn't, they couldn't just imagine how they had never ... how they had failed to see what was so obvious. They all thanked the judge and set out together to find an identity that would fit Anybody. Anybody was much relieved to have at least partial solution to his problem, but he wondered, "Who could I be?" he asked Blink. "Who do you think that I am?" Blink looked at him from head to toe. "Well, you're too young to be the judge, and if you were him, he ... you ... we would've had to consult you for the consultation to your problem, so I believe the judge is out. I'm pretty sure that you're not me, because you're much too tall and your eyes are the wrong color. You don't look much like the policeman. You don't look like a blacksmith, because your arms are too small. No, you don't look like anybody specific I know. You're sort of general. You could be, uh, Anybody." "Um, I am Anybody," Anybody protested. "Now I want to be somebody, Somebody in particular." "Ah," said Blink, "I can understand that. I think you should try being a few people and that, that maybe we would give you an idea of who you would like to be." "Don't be silly, Blink," said Anybody. "Nobody." Now, Anybody, I would like your unconscious mind to make a commitment. Make a commitment that you will respect Anybody's name always. Anybody, I mean that Anybody will respect his feelings. And if your unconscious mind is willing to do that, your finger may get light and will float up, up. Let your f- s- finger float up as a yes signal. Good. Uh, like, you'll like him because he has feelings and a right to those feelings. And because you like him, you will listen to hims feelings and you won't put him down for having them. He has a right to have them, and you will find ways of helping him to feel comfortable. Good. Ways that are helpful. Never put him down for having uncomfortable feelings, for he has a right to have them. Listen to them. Respect them. Like them. I want you to always protect him, as you have been doing in the best way that you could. But now, but now you have better ways of protecting him. Listen to his feelings. You've got better ways. You've found better ways. Always look for better ways to take care of Anybody, and don't allow people to put Anybody down. He has and is just as good as Anybody else. No one has the right to put Anybody down, so protect him. Protect Anybody who wishes to do that. Take care of Anybody at all times, all times. In fact, I want you to take care of him now. I want you to take care of Anybody now. Your, your unconscious mind will do these things. Your finger will lift yes. Your finger will lift yes. Yes. Yes. And as you do all-All these things, all these things. Some wonderful things will happen. You will feel very safe. You will feel very safe and very secure. It feels like you have the answer to so many things which used to puzzle you. You will feel so safe and so secure that you will no longer let things get you down because you know how to handle them. You always did know, but you did not know that you knew. And use that knowledge. You can use it to the best of your ability. And with that good knowledge, you can do the things that you really want to do. You'll be able to do them because you will feel friends with yourself. It's a nice thing to feel good friends with yourself, isn't it? And if you are feeling friends with yourself right now, yes, your finger will lift, yes, doesn't it now. Continue to be friends with yourself. Continue to listen to yourself, hear yourself, and give yourself good advice. Give yourself good advice, and take the good advice that you give yourself. And as you feel very good about yourself, I am going to ask you please to know that you don't need to put anybody else down. You don't have to put anybody else down because you feel that you can respect other people, and respect them as having their problems and being human just like you. And because you are feeling so- Good today, you can be very good today and have a very good day. I would like you to see yourself having a fucking awesome day. When you can see that, let your finger lift, yes. Good. You feel good. There's a nice, calm, relaxed, smiling face with a... Your body relaxed, and I want you to know that you can remember what you need, what you need to remember at all times, at all times, and forget what you need to forget. Forget what you need to forget because your unconscious mind will always remember everything that we've talked about. If that is understood, your finger will lift, yes, again. Your finger will lift, yes, when this is understood. Now it will lift, yes, again. Yes. It will-

... keep all the suggestions we have agreed upon so that your conscious mind does not have to bother with trying to remember all the many things that we have discussed. Your conscious mind can leave all the remembering to your deep inner unconscious mind, so that when you open your eyes, when you open your eyes, your conscious mind can be free to think about other things. "Don't be silly," said Anybody. "Nobody gets to be who they like to be. It's unheard of. You have to be somebody else so that you can want to be the person that you want to be. If you were the person you already wanted to be, then you wouldn't want to be that person. So why must be somebody else?" Blink agreed with this and that it made good sense, and he was so impressed that he decided that surely Anybody must be somebody intelligent, and so they set out to try on the identity of each of the local scholarly men. They walked for half a day until they reached the thick forest. Blink said the wisest of all men resided in a forest, because in the middle of a place so twisted with vines and thickets, the average man would get lost. It was a place where a man of higher education was most at home. Blink went on to explain that the local preoccupation was to know every twist and turn of every bush so you could predict just what route any stranger would take on any given day at the starting point of the course of the destination. Anybody might have asked what the point of doing such things, but he assumed that anything he couldn't understand how to use must be very important indeed. So instead he asked Blink, "What's my destination?" Blink only struggled or shrugged his shoulders and said, "I don't know. I don't know my way around, so we must walk around a little until we find someone who might know, or someone who might be you." They entered the forest. Although they could see very little, they felt of their way along until a voice shouted in a contemptuous tone, "How dare you walk around blindly? How dare you walk about blindly? You can't just have taken the course you have. What is your destination?" Anybody, much taken aback, decided whoever this person was, he surely could not be anybody. He thought to himself, "I am much too polite for such discourteousness." This stranger shouted again, almost in complete anger. "I say, where is your destination?" Blink replied, "We have done." "Poppycock," said the voice. "Everybody has a destination. Everybody has a direction. Since you are part of the sets of somebody, you must have a direction or you would not be going or coming. You see? It is simple logic." Anybody felt confused at this, but assured that the voice that he was Anybody and had come with Blink to this forest not to go or come, but rather to find, and since he could not know who he was looking for, he did not know where he was or where... or and so he could have no direction. "Poppycock," said the voice. "Everybody has a direction. Since you are a part of the sets of and somebody, you must have a direction, or you would not be here going or coming. You see? It is simple logic." Anybody felt confused at all this, but assured the voice that he was Anybody, had come and Blink into the forest not to go or come, but rather to find, and since he did not know who he was looking for, he did not know who he was, and so he could have no direction... and so he could have no direction, for he did not know where he was, for he did not know where he was, and so he could have no direction. No direction? No direction! The voice yelled, "Bravo! Bravo! I'm delighted, delighted to meet a man so versed in the discipline of thought."A man of great height stepped out from behind a tree and extended his hand in welcome. "Are you of the letters?" he inquired while he shook Anybody's hand in friendship. Anybody replied, "I might be, kind sir," though he really was thinking of how unkind the stranger had been. "I have lost my identity and I am looking for the man who has it. I just thought it might be in this forest." The stranger stopped shaking Anybody's hand and said, "Perhaps I can assist you. I have seen many identities worn through by many people who come and go in this forest. Who were you?" Anybody might have said, "I don't know," but he was tired of saying that he had no name that he could remember. Besides, he knew with a total conviction- So the old man led them through the forest and told them that there was a clearing in the middle of the forest- ... that he was at least for the time Anybody, so he replied, "I am just Anybody." The old scholar leaned over to Anybody and gazed at him keenly. He asked inquisitively, "Is that your name really? Is that your name really?" The old scholar would dig in insecurity, but he was content to say that only that this... at this time, it was his real name and that at some other time, it was someone else's. The scholar thought this over and began again, "How can I be of service to you? It's not every day that Anybody comes by." The old man began to laugh to himself and repeat these words over and over. "What was on the outside of the forest was unexplained in terms of the forest, so as all educated men do when something is unexplainable, they let religion explain it. Religion was very good for explaining what was not in the forest, but re- all this made very good... made almost no sense to anybody, but he acted as if he understood completely. Soon, Anybody was sitting on the ground in a clearing in the middle of the forest with a gnarled and withered tree standing before him. He was surrounded by old scholars from every part of the forest, men old and young, with white hair and brown, and every imaginable type of dress and manner of speaking. They were discussing the problems of Anybody, trying like the wise men they were to find a logical solution. Anybody just grew tired and hungry, and finally so sleepy that he leaned up against a tree and fell asleep. There It's not every day that Anybody comes by. It's not every day that Anybody comes by. It's not every day that Anybody comes by. It's not every day that Anybody comes by. The second thing he became aware of, the second thing that he became aware of as he awoke, was the distant muted tinkling of what sounded like a muted tinkling of thousands and thousands of tiny bells.

... I would suggest that they consult other scholars, since the problem was really an academic one by nature. The sounds so intrigued him that he quite comfortably forgot what the first thing had been. As he eagerly drew himself to his feet, he noticed that the snug grass in the little hollow under the towering tree, where he had been sleeping there, there was the outline of not one form, but two. Beside himself with both alarm and curiosity, he glanced rapidly around him hoping to discover someone else. Upon seeing no one, he stretched himself like a cat, ah, ah, ah, and was pleasantly surprised to find that he was dressed from head to toe in a warm, smooth, yeah, warm, smooth, lightweight green, green, lightweight green, smooth, warm jumpsuit. The fabric was wholly unlike fabric he had experienced before. The sun reflected brilliantly off the dew, which still sparkled on the blades of grass in the field that bordered the edge of the forest. As he strode into the sunlight, he felt strength flowing through his entire body, refreshing him. He wanted very much to discover the source of the tinkling bell sounds, which still filled the air from time to time. So, taking the first path that led in the direction of those sounds, he walked on for a great distance. He was just beginning to wonder where he was and when he would meet someone when he saw a trail of smoke rising above the trees, in which the path he was following disappeared. As he entered the woods, he could smell the fire, as the tinkling sound had stopped. He was also able to hear the sound of rushing water. A short distance into the woods, he came upon a cottage beside a stream. Delighted, he quickened his pace, and reaching the door, he knocked. The door swung open slowly, and a shaft of light penetrated the cottage. He could see only the most amazing rug he had ever seen. Directly in the center of the portion of the rug lighted by the sunshine was a huge, smooth, round ball of crystal whose diameter was nearly equal to his own height. No sounds came from the interior of the cottage. After calling out several times in hopes of attracting the attention of the cottage's owner, he stepped inside and firmly closed the door. The very second that the man set foot inside the cottage, even as he was closing the door , a tremendous ringing of thousands and thousands of tiny bells began. With the door closed and the sound of bells receded into a distant murmur, and although he could not discover their source, the entire interior of the cottage was softly lit. The thought, low and melodious, came to him... Eat. Glancing around the cottage, he noticed a steaming bowl of some sort of porridge, a goblet full of a golden liquid that smelled like fresh apricots, butter and several slices of rich, dark bread that, to his surprise, was warm to the touch. "Well," he thought to himself, "I may as well eat. I shall need strength, whatever happens next in this adventure."No sooner had he finished his meal when the silverware and the dishes gave off a high pitch and three flashes of light and vanished without a trace of sound. At that same instant, a low-pitched, gently wavering, melodious voice filled his mind and the cottage. At first, the words were indistinct, although he knew their meanings. Then the words became distinct, and he wandered in front of the faintly gleaming ball of crystal. "Settle yourself all the way down." A comfortable chair-couch appeared beneath him, and he did. "I am ready to answer your questions. Ask them." The voice enveloped him, and he thought he saw flashes of lights within the globe. He was breathing comfortably. His hands rested lightly on his thighs. "Who are you?" "And who are you?" the voice replied. "I'm anybody," he replied with confidence. "How do you know that you are anybody?" "And how do I know that I am anybody?" he asked himself. And he wondered what it would be like not to be anybody. "I'm not sure," he answered finally. "Do you really think that because you're not sure you're anybody?" This confused him at first. "No. I mean, I don't know how I know I'm anybody." "Would you like to learn how to really be anybody?" the voice coached gently. "What do, what do you mean?" He felt somewhat alarmed by this. "I mean learning how, learning how to really be, really be anybody." 

As the voice faded away, his eyes focused on the swirling mists within the ball of crystal, and Anybody again smelled the sweat, the sweet cool morning air, even as he had this very morning. The singing of a bird and the sound of air rushing through the leaves of a tree were overhead. The mist slowly parted and he saw the figure of a young man dressed in, dressed in green from head to toe. The man began to stir, and just as he was opening his eyes, he heard the sounds, distant and muted, of many bells. Anybody could feel his heartba- heartbeat quicken. He leaned slightly forward in his chair-couch. The young man shortly rose to his feet and glanced back to where he had been lying, looked around with quick movements, then stretched. Ah. And after a short pause, moved across the field. Anybody continued to watch and listen to what happened to the young man in the crystal ball. But his attention wandered. His body tensed as if to avoid something, so he deliberately smoothed and deepened his breathing. The sounds, smells, and sights that came to him from the ball. The sounds, smells, and sights that came to him from the ball of crystal were strangely familiar, and they could sometimes ring a bell inside Anybody. His body jerked slightly as if to demand his full attention to what was occurring before him. He heard the sound of rushing water. There was smoke, and the events in the ball seemed to accelerate. A knocking on the door startled him so that he nearly jumped out of his chair-couch. He heard the indis- the indistinct cry from both within the ball of crystal and without. It sounded like someone calling. "Is anybody home? Is anybody home? Is anybody home, I dare say? Is anybody home, I say?" The mist swirled all about within the ball. He allowed his head to fall back against the high back of the chair-couch and knew no more. When Anybody regained consciousness, the young man was just finishing eating. Anybody shivered slightly when he heard three high-pitched bursts of sounds followed by a low melodious murmuring, and saw the young man slowly turn and move toward him for the reflection in the ball of crystal. He froze with alarm as the figure appeared to step into his very shoes, turn, and then lower himself into the very chair-couch that Anybody was sitting in. And, and then he understood. The voice began to laugh softly. But the laughter grew. . He thought his mind would split. He became aware that the laughter stopped. "Well, well, do you understand how to really be, Anybody?" The voice asked quietly. "No, I don't understand." His mind was in turmoil. He wondered what would happen next. "And you wonder what will happen next, don't you, Anybody?"... could not at that, and he did. He came to his senses when he caught the first wafts of the sweet cool morning air. The second thing that he became aware of was the distant muted tinkling of what sounded like thousands and thousands of tiny bells. Muted tinkling of what sounded like tiny, tiny bells, thousands. He drew himself to his feet under the towering tree automatically, his mind racing ahead to find some way of breaking inevitable flow of events. He struggled desperately. He knew exactly what would happen unless he was able to act, act, act. As he approached the woods where the sound of rushing water and the smell of smoke emerged from, his breathing changed. His breathing changed and becoming harsh. He noticed his hands were clenched into fists. His vision was blurred, and there seemed to be a faint luminosity coming from the right near where the path entered into the woods. A luminosity coming from the right near where the path entered the woods. And as he drew abreast of it, he hurled himself. As he drew abreast of it, he hurled himself with all his strength right toward to where he had glimpsed the glow, glowing! As he drew abreast of it, he hurled himself with all his strength right toward where he had glimmer- glimpsed the glow, glowing. Time seemed suspended. He moved his buddy- body and though- through a thick viscous fluid. He moved his body as though through a thick viscous fluid. His body felt heavy and unresponsive. There was a slight whispering in his ears. The pressure grew, and the pressure grew, and the pressure grew, and the pressure grew as he noticed his feet passing over the edge of the road. The pressure grew, and the pressure grew as he noticed his feet passing over the edge of the road. Suddenly, as though his body had been attached to a gigantic rubber band that had snapped, he shot forward at such a, such a high rate of speed that he stumbled and fell, his momentum sending his body rolling and rolling through and through the high green grass for some distance. He saw a huge many-legged creature with antennae moving through an interminable forest of bending and swaying plants, and he smelled the dark, rich earth. He smelled dark, rich earth. He wondered why he felt no alarm at the approach of the creature. His entire perception shifted when he heard, above the quiet rush of the wind through the plants, a strangely familiar voice w-

... deep and melodious, "How long are you going to lie there wondering about it with your nose plowed into the dirt and grass?" Anybody lifted his head hopefully. There, he saw a man dressed in flowing purple robes with white hair avalanching across his shoulders. The man's eyes were deep and Anybody couldn't decide what color they really are, were. "Where am I?" He asked, pulling himself into a sitting position. "Here." "But where? Where? Th- this could be the middle of nowhere." "No, no, no," chuckled, chuckled the man, his white hair moving fluidly. "This could be the edge of nowhere, but it certainly isn't the middle." He seemed to delight, and then he sat there on his rock, his white hair shaking. Laughing quietly to himself while Anybody looked on. Anybody wanted to question him further, but he thought that that would be useless. So, glancing back over his shoulder, he began to move along the edge of the woods to the right. After he had traveled some distance, he became aware of a shadow that seemed always to move just inside the line of the woods about 100 meters behind him. His body felt particularly alert. The quiet was unnerving. Each time he glanced directly at the spot where he thought the shadow was, there was nothing there. The woodline, although far from regular, seemed to turn gradually to the left. It was late in the afternoon when Anybody came across a path leading into the woods. He hesitated and then decided to try the path, reasoning that it must lead to where some people were. He had finally gone on more than 100 meters into the woods when there was a rush and the sound of movement behind him. Looking back, looking back, looking back, he saw a shimmering, constantly changing shape that blotted out the light coming down the path. It was wholly outside of his experience and he was frightened. As the figure advanced up the path toward him, he carefully tried to calm himself, saying over and over again, "There's no reason to be afraid. No reason to be afraid." The more he said it, the more afraid he felt. Suddenly, the unknown creature rushed toward him with a cry. Anybody no longer had control over his body. His thoughts vanished, and he came to his senses. With a single smooth motion, he turned and raced down the path. He felt very light as he sped on, and although he was frightened out of his wits, he heard himself giggle. The sound of the unknown creature came closer, and he thought he felt the warm breath on his head. Felt the warm breath on his head. Just then, he caught sight of a bridge across a rushing stream and a house on the other side. Urging himself to expend all his energy, he flashed across the bridge to the house. Ah! Without hesitation or wondering whether anybody was home, he leaped to the door, opened it, rushed in, slamming the door behind him as he did. And he heard the thump, thump of the heavy body hitting the door from above of a thudding sound and the sound of a thousand tiny bells as he collapsed on a heap on the floor.