It all seemed so simple now. They couldn't, they couldn't just imagine how they had never ... how they had failed to see what was so obvious. They all thanked the judge and set out together to find an identity that would fit anybody. Anybody was much relieved to have at least partial solution to his problem, but he wondered, "Who could I be?" he asked Blink. "Who do you think that I am?" Blink looked at him from head to toe. "Well, you're too young to be the judge. And if you were him, he ... you ... we would have had to consult you for the consultation to your problem. So, I believe the judge is out. I'm pretty sure that you're not me, because you're much too tall and your eyes are the wrong color. You don't look much like the policeman. You don't look like a blacksmith because your arms are too small. No, you don't look like anybody specific I know. You're sort of general. You could be, uh, anybody." "Um, I am Anybody," Anybody protested. "Now, I want to be somebody, somebody in particular." "Ah," said Blink. "I can understand that. I think you should try being a few people and that, that maybe we would give you an idea of who you would like to be." "Don't be silly, Blink," said Anybody. "Nobody ... Don't be silly," said Anybody. "Nobody gets to be who they like to be. It's unheard of. You have to be somebody else so that you can want to be the person that you want to be. If you were the person you already wanted to be, then you wouldn't want to be that person. So, I must be somebody else." Blink agreed with this and that it made good sense. And he was so impressed that he decided that surely Anybody must be somebody intelligent. And so, they set out to try on the identity of each of the local scholarly men. They walked for half a day until they reached the thick forest. Blink said the wisest of all men resided in the forest, because in the middle of a place so twisted with vines and thickets, the average man would get lost. It was a place where a man of higher education was most at home. Blink went on to explain that the local preoccupation was to know every twist and turn of every bush, so you could predict just what route any stranger would take on any given day at the starting point of the course of the destination. Anybody might have asked what the point of doing such things, but he assumed that anything he couldn't understand how to use must be very important indeed. So, instead he asked Blink, "What's my destination?" Blink only struggled or shrugged his shoulders and said, "I don't know. I don't know my way around, so we must walk around a little until we find someone who might know, or someone who might be you." They entered the forest. Although they could see very little, they felt their way along until a voice shouted in a contemptuous tone, "How dare you walk around blindly. How dare you walk about blindly. You can't just have taken a course you have. What is your destination?" Anybody, much taken aback, decided whoever this person was, he surely could not be Anybody. He thought to himself, "I am much too polite for such discourteousness." The stranger shouted again, almost in complete anger, "I say, where is your destination?" Blink replied, "We have done." "Poppycock," said the voice. "Everybody has a destination. Everybody has a direction. Since you are part of the sets of somebody, you must have a direction or you would not be going or coming. You see? It is simple logic." Anybody felt confused at this, but assured that the voice ... that he was Anybody and had come with Blink to this forest not to go or come, but rather to find. And since he could not know who he was looking for, he did not know where he was or where ... and so he could have no direction. "Poppycock," said the voice. "Everybody has a direction. Since you are a part of the sets of ￼somebody, you must have a direction or you would not be here going or coming. You see? It is simple logic."Anybody felt confused at all this, but assured the voice that he was Anybody, had come and blinked into the forest, not to go or come, but rather to find. And since he did not know who he was looking for, he did not know who he was, and so he could have no direction. And so he could have no direction, for he did not know where he was, for he did not know where he was, and so he could have no direction. No direction? No direction! The voice yelled, "Bravo! Bravo! I'm delighted, delighted to meet a man so versed in the discipline of thought." A man of great height stepped out from behind a tree and extended his hand in welcome. "Are you of the letters?" he inquired while he shook Anybody's hand in friendship. Anybody replied, "I might be, kind sir," though he really was thinking of how unkind the stranger had been. "I have lost my identity and I am looking for the man who has it. I just thought it might be in this forest." The stranger stopped shaking Anybody's hand and said, "Perhaps I can assist you. I have seen many identities worn through by many people who come and go in this forest. Who were you?" Anybody might have said, "I don't know," but he was tired of saying that he had no name that he could remember. Besides, he knew with a total conviction that he was, at least for the time, Anybody. So, he replied, "I am just Anybody!" The old scholar leaned over to Anybody and gazed at him keenly. He asked inquisitively, "Is that your name really? Is that your name really?" Anybody could not have replied by recounting the whole set of circumstances, but he was content to say that, only that this, at this time, it was his real name, and that at some other time, it was someone else's. The scholar thought this over and began again. "How can I be of service to you? It's not every day that anybody comes by." The old man began to laugh to himself and repeat these words over and over. "It's not every day that anybody comes by. It's not every day that anybody comes by. It's not every day that somebody comes by. It's not every day that somebody comes by. It's not every day that anybody comes by. It's not every day that anybody stops by. It's not any day, uh, that everybody, anybody..." Ooh. Um.

It's not every day that anybody comes by. It's not every day that anybody comes by. It's not every day that anybody comes by. It's not every day that anybody comes by. It's not every day that anybody comes by. It's not every day that anybody comes by. The old man began to laugh to himself and repeat his words over and over. Not every day that anybody comes by. Not every day that anybody comes by. Anybody got very mad and told the scholar his problem as far as he could and Blink could tell it. The scholar apologized for this, for his not understanding the s- the seriousness of the situation. He then s- suggested they consult other scholars, since the problem was really an academic one by nature. So... So, the old man led them through the forest and told them that there was a clearing in the middle of the forest, where the oldest tree in the land grew. There, he would summon the wise men together, and the great minds, their great minds would find a solution. On the way through the forest, Anybody asked the wise old man why men of knowledge lived in the old forest. He recounted the explanation given to him by Blink, and asked for the truth of the matter. The old scholar with dignity and inse- insecurity- insecurity simply stated what was in the forest was understood and predictable to those acquainted with it. What was on the outside of the forest was unexplained in terms of the forest. So as all educated men do when something is unexplainable, they let religion explain it. Religion was very good for explaining what was not in the forest. But, w- all this made very good n- made almost no sense to B- to Anybody, but he acted as if he understood completely. Soon, Anybody was sitting on the ground in a clearing in the middle of the forest, with a gnarled and withered tree standing before him. He was surrounded by old scholars from every part of the forest. Men old and young, with white hair and brown, and every imaginable type of dress and manner of speaking. They were discussing the problems of Anybody, trying, like the wise men they were, to find a logical solution. Anybody just grew tired and hungry, and finally so sleepy that he leaned up against a tree, and Blink went to sleep. There... The second thing he became aware of, the second thing that he became aware of as he awoke, was the distant muted tinkling of what sounded like a muted tinkling of thousands and thousands of tiny bells. This sound so intrigued him that he quite comfortably forgot what the first thing had been. As he eagerly drew himself to his feet, he noticed that the snug grass in the little hollow under the towering tree, where he had been sleeping there, there was the outline of not one form, but two. Beside himself with both alarm and curiosity, he glanced rapidly around him hoping to discover someone else. Upon seeing no one, he stretched himself like a cat, ah, ah, ah, and was pleasantly surprised to find that he was dressed from head to toe in a warm, smooth, yeah, warm, smooth, lightweight, green, green, lightweight, green, smooth, warm jumpsuit. The fabric was wholly unlike fabric he had experienced before. The sun reflected brilliantly off the dew.... which still sparkled on the blades of grass in the field that bordered the edge of the forest. As he strode into the sunlight, he felt strength flowing through his entire body, refreshing him. He wanted very much to discover the source of the tinkling bell sounds, which still filled the air from time to time. So, taking the first path that led in the direction of those sounds, he walked on for a great distance. He was just beginning to wonder where he was and when he would meet someone when he saw a trail of smoke rising above the trees, in which the path he was following disappeared. As he entered the woods, he could smell the fire, as the tinkling sound had stopped. He was also able to hear the sound of rushing water. A short distance into the woods, he came upon a cottage beside a stream. Delighted, he quickened his pace, and reaching the door, he knocked. The door swung open slowly, and a shaft of light penetrated the cottage. He could see only the most amazing rug he had ever seen. Directly in the center of the portion of the rug, lighted by the sunshine, was a huge, smooth, round ball of crystal whose diameter was nearly equal to his own height. "Settle yourself all the way down." A comfortable chair-couch appeared beneath him, and he did. "I am ready to answer your questions. Ask them." The voice enveloped him, and he thought he saw flashes of lights within the globe. He was breathing comfortably. His hands rested lightly on his thighs. "Who are you?" "And who are you?" the voice replied. "I'm anybody," he replied with confidence. "How do you know that's your-"

... you are Anybody." "And how do I know that I am Anybody?" he asked himself. And he wondered what it would be like not to be Anybody. "I'm not sure," he answered finally. "Do you really think that because you're not sure you're Anybody?" This confused him at first. "No. I mean, I don't know how I know I'm Anybody." "Would you like to learn how to really be Anybody?" the voice coaxed gently. "Ha ha, wh- what, what do you mean?" He felt somewhat alarmed by this. "I mean learning how, learning how to really be, really be Anybody. No sound came from the interior of the cottage. After calling out several times in hopes of attracting the attention of the cottage's owner, he stepped inside and firmly closed the door. The very second that the man set foot inside the cottage, even as he was closing the door, a tremendous ringing of thousands and thousands of tiny bells began. When the door closed and the sound of bells receded into a distant murmur, and although he could not discover their source, the entire interior of the cottage was softly lit, the thought, low and melodious, came to him. "Eat." Glancing around the cottage, he noticed a steaming bowl of some sort of porridge, a goblet full of a golden liquid that smelled like fresh apricots, butter, and several slices of rich, dark bread that, to his surprise, was warm to the touch. "Well," he thought to himself, "I may as well eat. I shall need strength, whatever happens next in this adventure." No sooner had he finished his meal when the silverware and the dishes gave off a high pitch and three flashes of light and vanished without a trace of sound. At that same instant, a low-pitched, gently wavering, melodious voice filled his mind and the cottage. At first, the words were indistinct, although he knew their meanings. Then the words became distinct, and he wandered in front of the faintly gleaming ball of crystal. As the voice faded away, his eyes focused on the swirling mists within the ball of crystal, and Anybody again smelled the sweat, the sweet cool morning air, even as he had this very morning. The singing of a bird and the sound of air rushing through the leaves of a tree were overhead. The mist slowly parted and he saw the figure of a young man dressed in, dressed in green from head to toe. The man began to stir. And just as he was opening his eyes, he heard the sound, distant and muted, of many bells. Anybody could feel his heartba- heartbeat quicken. He leaned slightly forward in his chair-couch. The young man shortly rose to his feet and glanced back to where he had been lying, looked around with quick movements, then stretched, "Ah!" And, after a short pause, moved across the field. Anybody continued to watch and listen to what happened to the young man. In the crystal ball... but his attention wandered. His body tensed as if to avoid something, so he deliberately smoothed and deepened his breathing. The sounds, smells, and sights that came to him from the ball... The sounds, smells, and sights that came to him from the ball of crystal were strangely familiar and they could sometimes ring a bell inside Anybody. His body jerked slightly as if to demand his full attention to what was occurring before him. He heard the sound of rushing water. There was smoke and the events in the ball seemed to accelerate. A knocking on the door startled him so that he nearly jumped out of his chair-couch. He heard the indic- the indistinct cry from both within the ball of crystal and without. It sounded like someone calling. The mist swirled all about within the ball. He allowed his head to fall back against the high back of the chair-couch and knew no more. When Anybody regained consciousness, the young man was just finishing eating. Anybody shivered slightly when he heard three high-pitched bursts of sounds followed by a low melodious murmuring, and saw the young man slowly turn and move toward him for the reflection in the ball of crystal. He froze with alarm as the figure appeared to step into his very shoes, turn, and then lower himself into the very chair-couch that Anybody was sitting in. And, and then he understood. The voice began to laugh softly. But the laughter grew. He thought his mind would split. He became aware that the laughter stopped. "Well, well, do you understand how to really be, Anybody?" The voice asked quietly. "No, I don't understand." His mind was in turmoil. He wondered what would happen next. "And you wonder what will happen next, don't you?" Anybody could nod at that, and he did. He came to his senses when he caught the first wafts of the sweet cool morning air. As-

... second thing that he became aware of was the distant muted tinkling of what sounded like thousands and thousands of tiny bells. Muted tinkling of what sounded like tiny, tiny bells, thousands. He drew himself to his feet under the towering tree automatically. His mind racing ahead to find some way of breaking the inevitable flow of events. "No, no, no," chuckle, chuckled the man, his white hair moving fluidly. "This could be the edge of nowhere, but it certainly isn't the middle." He seemed to delight, and then he sat there on his rock, his white hair shaking, laughing quietly to himself while Anybody looked on. Anybody wanted to question him further, but he thought that that would be useless. So, glancing back over his shoulder, he began to move along the edge of the woods to the right. After he had traveled some distance, he became aware of a shadow that seemed always to move just inside the line of the woods about 100 meters behind him. His body felt particularly alert. The quiet was unnerving. Each time he glanced directly at the spot where he thought the shadow was, there was nothing there. The woodline, although far from regular, seemed to turn gradually to the left. It was late in the afternoon when Anybody came across a path leading into the woods. He hesitated and then decided to try the path, reasoning that it must lead to where some people were. He had finally gone on more than 100 meters into the woods when there was a rush and a sound of movement behind him. Looking back, looking back, looking back, he saw a shimmering constantly changing shape that blotted out the light coming down the path. It was wholly outside of his experience, and he was frightened. As the figure advanced up the path toward him, he carefully tried to calm himself, saying over and over again, "There's no reason to be afraid. No reason to be afraid." The more he said it, the more afraid he felt. Suddenly, the unknown creature rushed toward him with a cry. Anybody no longer had control over his body. His thoughts vanished, and he came to his senses. With a single smooth motion, he turned and raced down the path. He felt very light as he sped on, and although he was frightened out of his wits, he heard himself giggle. The sound of the unknown creature came closer, and he thought he felt the warm breath on his head. Felt the warm breath on his head. Just then, he caught sight of a bridge across a rushing stream and a house on the other side. Urging himself to expend all his energy, he flashed across the bridge to the house. "Ah!" Without hesitation or wondering whether anybody was home, he leaped to the door, opened it, rushed in, slamming the door behind him as he did. And he heard the thump, thump of the heavy body hitting the door from above of a thudding sound and the sound of a thousand tiny bells as he collapsed on a heap on the floor. "And who are you now?" boomed a low melodious voice that quickly deteriorated into thunderous laughter. Then he caught the first waft of sweet cool morning air. He ever so slowly opened his eyes. The sound of rushing water came from behind him as he carefully rolled over. He caught the sight of the tumbling sparkling water that streamed by him only a few meters away. His eyelids darted all around and then returned to their original resting points. As he struggled to stand, Anybody... His eyes darted all around him and then returned into their original resting point. As he struggled to stand, Anybody became aware of a wholly new and foreign sensations.This gave him pause. He tore his eyes away from his surroundings, glancing for the first time down at his hands, paws... Hands? Paws. He heard a strangled cry, and only later recalled that it had come from his own throat. His hands, or paws, or whatever the fuck they were, shimmered. They shimmered in the light that flickered through the trees. His hands, or paws, or whatever the fuck they were, shimmered in the light that flickered through the trees and the leaves above him. His hands were somehow insubstantial. At times, he seemed to be able to see through them. He felt incredibly flexible and yet strong. His entire body was covered in the same shimmering, fur-like substance. He found that he was equally comfortable on two and on four legs. A portion of his mind was frozen in terror and amazement, and refused to accept what he was seeing and feeling. He noticed that he was able to hear with more acuteness than he'd ever experienced, as the wind moved gently through the leaves above. He could detect the sounds given off by each branch of the leaves. They were as different from one another as different people's voices. The shifting wind created an extemporaneous concert throughout... an extemporaneous concert throughout the trees above him and around. He allowed his eyes to close as he became immersed in a sea of sound. As he listened, Anybody felt different parts of his body resounding to the changes, and the strength in tones of the wind leaves. Anybody lowered himself still closer to the ground. Abruptly, the man appeared to shoot forward off the path and fall out of Anybody's sight behind a large rock in the tall grasses. The top of the rock was enveloped in a strange shimmer, and Anybody thought that he caught sight of traces of purple and red there. Without warning, his body turned smoothly and looped back to the woods, toward the stream. He had awoken besides. He tried to regain some... to control over his body, but it wasn't until his nose and mouth were completely covered in the rushing water in the stream that he had any. The part of his mind that had, at first, refused to accept what his senses had told him about his body, he found himself, and demanded that he exorcise his control and r-return to the edge of the woods to determine what had become of the man that he had seen and heard there. Something in Anybody's body resisted, and after what seemed like an interminable struggle, he began to move slowly towards the edge of the woods. When he reached the place where he had watched from before, he was unable to detect the strange glimmering. When he reached the place where he wa-watched from before, he was unable to detect this, this strange glimmering from above the rock

In fact, the rock was gone. This gave him pause. Then, with another involuntary jerk of his head, he noticed a movement of a light green figure to his far left. He spent much of the afternoon trailing the figure dressed in green. He could approach only a certain distance before his body would refuse to move closer. Somehow, he knew he- that it was important for him to make contact with the man. He allowed his body to keep track of the man while he plotted furiously, trying to find a way of tricking his body to approaching closer to the man. He stumbled upon a plan. Regaining his balance, he began to suggest softly with words and pictures of food. He worked desperately to find a way to tap directly into the creature's experience of eating, tapping directly into the creature's experience of eating. Eaaaat. Eaaaat. Eaaaat. He stumbled upon a plan. Regaining his balance, he began to suggest softly with words and pictures of food. Eaaaat. He worked desperately to find a way to tap directly into the creature's experience of eating. After a short pause, there was a surge of energy, and he felt the saliva dripping from his mouth and his hands. Pause. Hands pause, clenched and unclenched involuntarily, the claws extending and retracting. He can- he continued this until he forced his eyes to remain fastened on the man in the light green moving along the edge of the woods, only 100 meters away. His body responded immediately and went to a low crouch, moving swiftly and silently towards the man. When he had halved the distance between himself and the man, he projected messages of danger and fear. The man's body immediately responded by freezing. He giggled and congratulated himself. By alternately projecting different memories, he learned to tap into the unknown creature's body. He was able to control the movements very well. Perio- periodically, a new smell or sound or the flicker of the movement of the woods or override life control that he had achieved, could override the control that he achieved, but he had learned to regain control. 