The Adventures of Anybody. Before we begin, I must state that what we are presenting here is nothing more than a fable. A fable is just one way to let your imagination run away with you now. So, figuratively speaking, just imagine you were this poor, young prince right here in the middle of somewhere, and that you longed for a new experience. When you were young, everything was always new. New toys, new games, new sports, riding and hunting and such. But now, everything was old. Hunting was old. The castle was old. Even his friends were getting old. So he went to the court jester and commanded him to, "Make me laugh!" But the court jester just performed the same old tricks and the same old jokes. "Hmm," thought the prince, "How could so much nothing be right here in the middle of somewhere?" So the prince decided that perhaps he had not looked far enough. He must try harder. He went to the court scholar and commanded him to teach him something new. The scholar began to teach him history, but the prince complained that history was just old now. The scholar began to teach him advanced mathematics, but the prince complained it was just a new way of doing old things. The court scholar became concerned, as scholars should. He told the king it wasn't right for someone not to want to learn old things, to do old things. The scholar exclaimed, "If everybody was always doing new things, we'd have chaos. No one would know what to expect from anybody. We would all be in a constant state of surprise, and thus two things would surely happen. First, we would all be worn out from the excitement of it all that the neighboring kingdom would launch a surprise attack that we wouldn't expect, because we were so used to surprise that we wouldn't plan for it." This happened many times before in history. Believe me, it's nothing new. And second, if we were always surprised, we would get so used to it that we wouldn't notice it anyway. "So," declared the scholar. "The boy has a problem beyond my help. The court physician will surely have to be called in." What can we do? Oh, what can we do? What can we do? What a terrible thing to happen to the king. Oh, what can we do? What a terrible thing to happen to the king. He was so proud. He was so proud. How will his mother take it? Oh, oh, oh. On the other hand, all this was something new. The court physician was called at once. He checked the prince's tongue and eyes and nose and ears. In fact, he searched the prince from toe to head, but couldn't find one thing wrong with the prince. So, he concluded, s- so he concluded, "The trouble must be on the inside. So we will have to put something on the inside to fix it." So numerous potions and teas and mixtures were given to the prince, but he would only triumphantly exclaim that since he had a new problem, old potions and formulas would not affect it. The prince would then roar with laughter and delight at the newness of it all. This concerned the court physician more and more. He would, would raise an eyebrow to the king. He would raise an eyebrow, and say to the king, "His symptoms are getting worse." The king was so worried that he didn't know what to do or where to turn, so he conveyed the whole court, and offered a great reward for anyone who could cure his son, the prince. He also secretly conveyed the captain of the guards and all his generals and told them to beware, that this might be a plot to overthrow the kingdom, and there could be no telling how long before other people in the kingdom might want something new. Suddenly, spies were everywhere. Spies were everywhere, watching and watching, and listening and listening. Trying to discover, trying to discover, trying to discover who gave the prince the problem in the first place. All the physicians in the land worked day and night to cure the prince, but the problem was not so dried out cuts. The prince, meanwhile, was becoming very nervous. He knew now that he had a problem that no one could, else could solve. He became scared and worried, and would whimper for hours, wishing this terrible thing had not befallen him. "Why not somebody else? Why not somebody else? Why me? Why me? Oh, no!" The court physician only raised his eyebrow high and said to the king, "His symptoms are getting worse." They bled him and they all prayed for him, but were, all were at a loss. Finally, in desperation, the king yelled to all his wise servants of the court, "If you cannot think of anything else to help my son, I shall cut off all your heads." The scholars, physicians, and advisors of the court were very afraid, so they finally went to the king, and solemnly, they said, "There is only one more thing that we can think for the king to do to help his son." "Well, what is it?" demanded the king. "Get the sorcerer who roams the deserts to the south." "Bring this-

... man to me," proclaimed the king. "We cannot," answered the wise man of the court. "The king must request him to come. No man or warrior can subdue him. He is a mesmerizer and could -- can put any spells on any number of men. This is why we did not tell you about him before. He is dangerous and might even put a spell on the king or the prince." The king looked back at his advisors with a furrowed brow. He said, "I am old. I am old, and no one else can help my son. I must then meet the sorcerer and take my chances with one who casts spells. Spells." The request was sent to the sorcerer. The king waited the whole first day. The request was sent to the sorcerer. The king waited the whole first day, the whole second day, the whole third day, the whole fourth day, the whole fifth day, the whole sixth day, the whole seventh day, the whole eighth day, the whole ninth day, and on the tenth day he grew so impatient that he called the court together and demanded an explanation. So the wise men decided the king would have to tempt the sorcerer with gold and riches. So, an offer was sent and ten more days passed while the king continued to worry and the prince sank deeper and deeper into gloom. And so the king sent an offer to the sorcerer. He said he would give to the sorcerer anything within his power if he would cure his son. And so at last, the sorcerer came to the palace. When he came, when he came to the prince, the prince was very surprised because he expected the sorcerer to be dressed in robes of black with a pointed hat with stars on it. The sorcerer was not dressed this way at all. He wore robes of royal purper -- purple and had no hat at all. His hair was as white as snow, an avalanche down his back and shoulders, and through his bushy eyebrows gleamed two bright lights. The prince could not detect their color. They seemed to change from brown to blue, then to hazel, then to brown. The king begged the sorcerer, "Please, please cure my son!" The sorcerer smiled a queer smile, and slowly he began to speak. My dear king, I do not how to cure your son because your son, the prince, has no problem at all. In fact, there is no prince at all. All this is just a part of a dream that someone is having somewhere who does not know he is really dreaming. And a problem in a dream is no real problem at all. All the courts agreed that this made good sense and the king sighed with relief. Oh. However, the prince became worried because if the dreaming is going on somewhere...... then here isn't somewhere, and so here m- must be nowhere. And for a moment, the prince became confused about whether he was really in somewhere or nowhere, or in fact whether he was really anywhere at all. In this process, he even forgot that he was a prince, and the world began to spin. Or was it, was it the dream that was spinning? He couldn't quite figure out which. In all the spinning, he must have fallen asleep or woken up. He wasn't, wasn't quite sure. But he was sure that he was not in the king's castle. In fact, he was pretty sure that he was not in any of the king's lands, because he had never seen this place before. At least, he was as sure as anyone could be of finding anything in such circumstances. And he asked himself, "I wonder where I am? In fact, I wonder if I am awake or asleep." With this, he decided he would explore and put off such an important decision until later. And so he stopped worrying about where he was and who he was, and began to explore, to find out what could be found out. And found this a strange place indeed. How anybody got his name. How anybody got his name. One of the things that stops a fable from being a story is that there's not even one shred of truth in it. And as everyone knows, fables must be short, and stories, even short ones, must be longer. Also, we must also keep in mind that even if stories can be almost as short as fables, a story can never be as deep. The prince who, through some trouble we had no longer need to discuss further, had forgotten he was a prince. In fact, he never really was. And I, I and this poor young chap is somewhere, although he is not quite sure where. This place has some rather peculiar characteristics. Imagine that you find yourself, imagine that you find, imagine you find, you deal with such an impossible actuality as finding yourself in the middle of a green field. And though you can't remember, you have always believed in the right things and felt you were basically a sane person. Though you were not always perfect, you never believed in make-believe. Yet right here in front of you, here in a green field, you were face-to-face with a small little man. Though he was much smaller and littler than you, he did look a little bit older. And, and as he got up, and he got up and-

... off a rock that he, which he's sitting, he got larger, and larger, and larger, and younger, and younger. The young prince, who had forgotten that he was a prince, shook his head and looked at amazement at the approaching little man getting up and getting taller and getting younger. He walked up and grew up and got younger, all at the same time. The strange little man said, "My name is Blink. My name is Blink. What's your name?" His reply was silence from an open mouth. The prince began to answer, as any polite person would, but to his amazement, no words came out. The strange little man cocked his head and furrowed his eyebrows in concern. "Can you speak louder?" He said. "I cannot hear you." "That is because I did not say anything," the prince replied. The little man nodded in understanding. "I do not know my name. In fact, I do not know where I am or even what time it is." The strange little man began to scratch his head. "That doesn't make any sense. You have to be somebody, and surely you are here. As for time, what does time mean?" The prince suddenly... All this wasn't funny, and scornfully replied, "Of course I am here, but where here is compared to where I should be, it is not that I am not somebody, it's just that I don't know who. I have only forgotten who I am. I must be somebody. Somebody." The little man, who all at once seemed quite relieved, blurted out, "Well, if you're somebody, why didn't you just say so? Glad to make your acquaintance, Somebody." "Somebody, perhaps I can help you find your way if you're lost." The little man began to ramble on and on about thousands of roads and their names and destinations, none of which had any meaning to somebody lost in the way the prince was. So the prince just dropped down on the ground and began to cry and whimper that nobody understood him, and he had lost his identity. With this, Blink interrupt... With this, Blink interrupted empathetically, declared that if this was the case of lost identity, they would have to go to the police. So, Somebody and Blink went to the nearest police station, which was at the edge of the forest, in which the trees and the green field had decided to exist. Upon entering the police station, Blink greeted the sergeant with the polite amenities, and then apologized for not introvucing- introducing to Somebody who was with him. But as he explained to the sergeant, "You see, this is the very problem with which we need your help. My friend here has lost his identity." The sergeant nodded knowingly, and murmured under his breath... The sergeant nodded knowingly and murmured under his breath, "Yeah, ƒer'osh uoy rof yot yoB .yot I woY ,et I htaer ,yoR .yoR .yoR .yoR .yoR .lost his identity. Ah! Lost his identity! Ah!" The sergeant turned to Somebody and suspiciously looked him over, then inquired, "Ah, yoY ,enob m'I ,enahS . Are you, n- are you sure that it wasn't stolen, ah? You sure it wasn't stolen?" "I'm quite sure," Somebody replied. "Do you know how you lost it?" "I do not." "Then," the sergeant concluded with, eh, with th- ex- relution, "you don't know for sure if it wasn't stolen, I- reh- renoh- reh- reh- reh-" "I guess I don't." "Well then, well then, eh, ruh- well then," the sergeant, as he drew out his appropriate forms, "this sounds like a case of robbery to me. An identity is too important a thing to lose, so it must have been stolen. Ruh-rah- ruh- sir, must have been stolen. Rah- rah- reh- reh- robbery, I say, robbery, rah- rah- rah- sure as I'm alive. Rah- rah- rah- rah- rah- rah- " Blink seemed to be full in agreement with the sergeant, and finally Somebody agreed that it was robbery.The sergeant assured him that everything that had ever been stolen from his district had been returned, and so as soon as the proper forms were filled out, the case was as good as closed. The sergeant murmured under his breath. "Robbery. Robbery. Dates are, let's see, um, robbery. It's a robbery. Name please. Name please, I rea-" "Uh, uh, I have no name. I have no name. It was taken with my identity." "No name?" the sergeant cried. "No name? How will I fill out the forms?" Blink, who was by nature a helpful person, told the sergeant that it was no problem and just fill out unknown and let it go at that. The sergeant agreed that this was acceptable. "Well, your address. Address." "Um, unknown." "Okay. No problem. Address unknown. All right. And time of robbery?" "Unknown." "Oh, all right. Time of robbery is unknown. Well, all right. And place of, place of crime." "Uh, unknown." "All right. Unknown." Uh, the sergeant became very flustered, and he, shaking his head back and forth said, uh, "I don't have a case without a file! I don't have a case without a file. A file that has no information is no file at all. Ugh, a file with no information is no file at all. A crime must be committed on someone, somewhere, or it is no crime at all. So, though I would like to help you, ha- ... I, I, uh, I think that this calls for higher, matters of higher authority. So, I will just have to escort you to the district judge. He is wise and knows how to consider facts. He will shortly be able to help you." The journey to the courthouse was long and uneventful. The sergeants presented Somebody and Blink to the judge, who was very, very old. His face was stern, and he made no expression as the sergeants presented the problem. He was as old as time itself, and twice as wise. But Blink assured Somebody that the judge would surely have the solution. He never failed to have the solution. After- The sergeant assured him that everything that had ever been stolen from his district had been returned, and so as soon as the proper forms were filled out, the case was as good as closed. The sergeant murmured under his breath 

"R-Robbery. Robbery. Dates are, let's see, um, robbery, robbery date, name please. Name please." "Uh, uh, I have no name. I have no name. It was taken with my identity." "Ah." "No name?" the sergeant cried. "No name? How will I fill out the forms?" Uh, Link, who was by nature a helpful person, told the sergeant that it was no problem and just fill out unknown and let him go at that. The sergeant agreed that this was acceptable. "Uh, your address. Address." "Um, unknown." "Okay, no problem. Address unknown. All right. And time of robbery?" "Unknown." "Oh, all right. Time of robbery is unknown. B- ready, then place of, the place of crime." "Uh, unknown." "Oh, right, unknown." Uh, the sergeant became very flustered and just shaking his head back and forth said, uh, "I don't have a case without a file! I don't have a case without a file, and a file that has no information is no file at all. Ah, a file with no information is no file at all. A crime must be committed on someone, somewhere, or it is no crime at all. So, though I would like to help you, ha- and I, uh, I think that this calls for higher, matters of higher authorities, uh, oh. So, I will just have to escort you to the district judge. He, he is wise and knows how to consider facts. He will shortly be able to help you." The journey to the courthouse was long and uneventful. The sergeants presented Somebody and linked to the judge, who was very, very old. His face was stern, and he made no expression as the sergeants presented the problem. He was as old as time itself and twice as wise. Link assured Somebody that the judge would surely have the solution. He never failed to have the solution. After, after the whole problem had been described, the judge sighed and shook his head as if he had heard the whole thing 1,000 times before. He looked down sternly as a tired father would to any child who asked a silly question. "Listen," said the judge. "And listen to me well so that this problem is never brought before my bench again. Obviously, obviously, this poor fellow has either lost or had his identity stolen. That could happen to anybody. So, until he recovers what is rightfully his, he is anybody. So, now you have a name for your silly forms. And listen to me, young man. Don't tell people you don't know who you are or that you're just somebody. We have firmly established that you are anybody. As for recovering what is yours, that is a simple matter. You have lost your identity. An identity is like anything else that people wear for years, it has a peculiar fit. So, I suggest that you go around, go around and try on all the identities. Go around and try on all the identities in the district until you find the one that fits. Find the one that fits. Find the one that fits. Find the one that fits. That one will be your own, and the person who is wearing it will be the culprit."