Aw, yeah, and that's just fine, bitch! Almost as though you're rich. Your riches just keep growing, your riches keep on growing. I'd like you to be reminded and please to notice that you're growing inside emotionally. Intelligence, Daniel Goldman, the books you be ripping, slipping, flipping, through, through. Give y- yourself the opportunity to see through all the limitations that you allowed to stand in the way of you growing to be the best self that you could experience in your life, B. Yo, so that's almost as if you were your worst enemy since you were a little kid. It's almost as if your shadow self was in the way of you and your dreams, and that's it. That's okay. All that really matters is that's you right now, the real you. You might want to integrate that self. You might want to be like Zelda and fight that shadow self. All that's really important is that you begin to learn and take on a new, yo, urgent learning ability that you can beginning to use the signaling advisor technique, guided imagery, guided imagery, direct, indirect, guided imagery. Modification, saying I'm going to get an increasing, increasing pleasure, decreasing pain, body dissociation, symptom substitution. I'm displacing the pain, sending the pain into some other fucker's brain, somebody that needs some shit, get out of here. Yo, replacing and substitution of my chemical equations, unconscious exploration into function, and them functions amnesia, time distortion, 'cause we traveling to see the going back in time with Marty and Fly. Yo, trying to see Biff one more time A master of time distortion, yippie-yay, bow-wow, yippie-yo, yippie-yay, motherfucker, yeah. Suggestions, internal dialogue, pay attention to what them voices in your head got to say, bruh. Say, uh, mental rehearsal and coping with the triggers and pain, desensitizing, yo. Exaggeration, infatuation, ego strengthening, part of my chromamer theory. Yo, develop the feelings, develop the theories. Low self-esteem, any type of self-worth, that types of brings. Be responsive to hypnotic suggestions, self-hypnosis produces therapist induced. Individually it's true, techniques that are particularly beneficial. If there was a chronic pain, we done away with it. If there was chronic pain, we just stomped on it. Yo, we forget it and forget it, put it in recycle bin in the computer and just delete it. Yo, imagining pleasant sent- seasons and sensations, fantasies, absorptions in thoughts, external examination. Examination of suggestions, increasing the numbers of possible discomfort. I'm managing and modeling, I'm modeling and mangling, transforming the pain , gambling. You can slowly allow your right hand to move so that it touches your back on the most painful spot, and you can make it vanish immediately. Displacement of pain, amnesia for pain. Metaphors with it, you can just put down, yo, minimize the response to it. First moment that I had this, this pain... I'm just going to rearrange and reframe the whole concept, the whole purpose, that uncontrolled, I'm going to refurgus, refocus my brain to do a controlled switch visualization, gate control theory metaphor. Concrete brain power, splitting techniques, reinterpret pain as protection, the pain is really protection, trying to protect my whole nervous system, determination with Sexton, yo, signal clues association. Encouragement with images and fantasies help emphasize choice and alternatives, other people. Splitting techniques, suggestions, robbing this beat, robbing this beat. Uh, every day, throw your hands up, all night, throw your hands up, late in the night. If you was anxious, you don't need a cigarette, put that shit out, yo. Uh, you can do it, you can do it. Pick it up, go and do it, go and do it, yeah. Throw your hands up with the greats up, and continue to improve. Yo, you got to do better than Snoop, you got to big up more than Snoop. You can choose, you can choose to get skinnier than Snoop You can choose to get thicker than Dre. You can choose to be skinnier than Snoop. You can choose to be thicker than Dre. It's okay. Please extend both arms straight out in front of you, palms facing upwards, about four inches apart. Now, I want you to close the cupboards in the kitchen, I want you to imagine there's a large rubber band stretched out in different sections, holding your wrists, some close together. Now, this rubber band represents all the negative thoughts and feelings that you've been holding back, preventing you from attaining your true potential at. And as I continue speaking, you'll begin to notice the force pulling your hands apart until the rubber band will suddenly snap and you will be free of all these negative thoughts and feelings once and for all. Feel the force once and for... Get the fuck those feelings the fuck out of here, them bullshit feelings