"Why not?" He cried. "What business is it of yours anyway to know what I'm doing with my things? It is ... It is mine, my own. I found it. It came to me." "Yes, yes," said Gandalf. "But there is no need to get angry." "Yeah, and if I am, it's your fault," said Bilbo. "It is mine, I tell you. I own. My precious! My, yes, my precious!" The wizard... Now, Lord of the Rings, presented to you by Sam Russell and all of its wonderful, fantastic, uh, fucking comical style. "Oh, well, bless my beard," said Gandalf. "Sam Gamgee, is it? Now, what is that you may be doing?" "Lord bless you, Mr. Gandalf, sir," said Sam. "Nothing, lest whereas I be trimming up the grass border near the window, if you follow me." He picked up his shears and exhibited them as evidence. "I don't," said Gandalf firmly. "It is some time since I last heard you sound of your shears. How long have you been eavesdropping?" "Eavesdropping, sir? I don't follow you, begging your pardon. There ain't no ears, uh, in, in Bagsend. That's a fact." "Don't be a fool. What have you heard? And why do you listen?" Gandalf's eyes flashed, and his brow struck like little bristles. "Mr. Frodo, sir," cried Sam, quaking. "Don't let him hurt me, sir. Don't let him turn me anything unnatural. My old dad would take on, so I meant no harm, on my honor, sir." Yes, and of course old Smeagol. "He won't hurt you." "... Gee." Sam Gamgee was sitting in a corner near the fire, and opposite him was Ted Sandyman, the miller's son. And there were various other rustic hobbits listening to their talk. "Queer things you do hear these days, to be sure, Sam." That's right. "Ah," said Ted. "You do, if you listen. But I can hear fireside tales and children's stories at home if I want to." "No doubt you can," retorted Sam. "And I dare say there's more truth in some of them than you reckon. Who invented the stories anyway? Take dragons now." And of course- "No, thank-" You have the o- the story about going- " ... said Ted. "I won't." ... out and partying. "I heard tell of them when I was a youngster, but there's no call that I believe in them now, and there's only one drag-" And the origin story of finding the ring. And behold, when he had washed the mud away, there in his hand lay a beautiful golden ring, and it had shone and glittered in the sun so that his heart was glad. But Smeagol had been watching from the tree and did... Deinal gloated over the ring. Smeagol became s- be- came softly up from behind. "Give us that, Déagol, my love," said Smeagol over his friend's shoulder. "Why?" said Déagol. "Because it's my birthday, my love, and I wants it," said Smeagol. "I don't care," said Déagol. "I have given you a present already more than I could afford. I have found this, and I'm going to keep it." "Oh, are you indeed, my love?" said Smeagol. And he caught Déagol by the throat and strangled him, because the gold looked bright and beautiful. Then he put the ring on his finger. No one ever found out what had become of Déagol, but he was murdered far from home and his body was cunningly hidden. But Smeagol returned home and he found that none of his family could see him when he was wearing the ring. He was very pleased with his discovery, and he concealed it, and he used it to find out secrets, and he put his knowledge to crooked and malice uses. He became sharp-eyed and keen-eared for all that was hurtful. The ring had given him power according to his stature. He was... It my 111th birthday. I am eleventy-one today. "Hooray! Hooray! Many happy returns!" they shouted, and they hammered joyously on their tables. Bilbo was doing splendidly. This was the sort of stuff they liked, short and obvious. "I hope you are all enjoying yourselves as much as I am." Deafening cheers. "Ye! For three purposes. First of all, I tell you that I'm immensely fond of all of you, and that I am eleventy-one years is too short a time to live-" The best goodbye. "... among such excellent, admirable hobbits." Tremendous outburst of approval. "I don't know half of you half as well as I should like, and I like less than half of you as well as you deserve." This was unexpected and rather difficult. Some were scattered clapping, but- ... for the postman hoping for invitations. Here's your invitation to begin the journey of the Lord of the Rings saga, beginning with year first one, Fellowship of the Ring.