I count for- In a moment, I'm going to give suggestions to your subconscious mind, and your subconscious mind will accept them as truth, will accept them as fact, and will fashion your life to achieve these goals. You keep a very positive attitude. You have a good time at work. You have a lot of confidence. You are very happy working hard. You love going to work. You are excellent at your job. You get along with everyone at work. You are happy to go to work. You are motivated and empowered at work. You can easily get through work. You are becoming more focused. You are learning to be more enthusiastic at work. I love it. I love it. I love it. You are very close to your colleagues. Everybody loves me. I'm going in, throwing the touchdown. You are learning to be happy at work. Throwing it, be happy and be passionate. You look forward to going to work. I look forward to going to the gym. I look forward to training. I look forward to playing the other team. You will gain confidence every day. Confidence playing, playing and working out every day. You will master your job. I master knocking doors open and closing the sale, getting the money. You are becoming a hard worker. I love to close the sale and get the check, get the fucking check, get the money. You are becoming a happy worker. Let me in the house. Give me the check. Let me in the house. Give me the check, check. You will enjoy your work. I love my work, work. Give me the check, check. Give me the check, check. You will look forward to work. I do look forward to work, bitch. You are full of confidence. I'm filled with confidence and energy for what I know to be true. You are good at your job and are proud of it. I am proud of what I do. I love what I do. It is natural to be happy at work. I can increase my happiness and my productivity. You enjoy working hard. I do. When it's hard work, it's better work. You like spending time with your colleagues. More energy now. You are great at your job. Thank you. That's why I'm the quarterback on this team. Everyone can see that you enjoy work. That's why I'm the quarterback and we are going to the state championship. You have fun at work each day. Got many teams to play. You love working hard. Many opponents to learn. Have to learn all their opponents. You project a positive self-image. Got to play different ways. You begin to feel your confidence expanding more and more each day in every way. Feel the block. Moving. Back up. Moving. Special block. Moving. Up in the mix. You are always in control. Whistle the ball right through the air right into your receiver's hands. Relaxed. Positive. Making perfect first down. Second first down. Now the third one. Filled with confidence. He's running to the 25. He's running to the 20. You have determination. Inner strength. He's running to the 15. He's running to the 10. You feel confidence, strength, and self-control. He's running to the 5. He's running to the 5. You are a happy person with a positive attitude towards life. That is that motherfucking touchdown. Way to go, Sam. You are succeeding in all that you do. You did a great job, Sam. You have all the abilities necessary for success. It's great playing. It's so natural to you. Comes easily to you. You act decisively to achieve your goals. It's natural to work hard and it's natural to you. It's easy to you. You have the confidence to do what you need to do. It's to work hard and it's natural to you. You act boldly with confidence in all situations. You love to put forth your best effort, your best effort. And at any time you desire, you can fire your anchor of confidence. Always trying to train and give the best effort, the best effort. Always working hard. The man, Sam. Breathe. That's right. Good.