[rapping] Yeah. Bulletproof, bulletproof. Emotionally bulletproof is what I am. I'm emotionally bulletproof. I'm a man. My name is Sam. Nice to meet you. You can try to get me. If you a teacher, professor throwing darts at me, you could try to get through my armor, but I ain't got any, 'cause I don't have any narcissism. When I looking into a reflection, all I see is vision that is pushing out there. I see the lights in the mountains all glowing out there. All the beauty and the flowers and all the bird things, all the animals, sing them in God's kingdom. All the people is loving, but their hearts is shining, glowing and smiling. People are livening, liven it up. When we walk into the grocery store, everybody looked up 'cause we, yo, inside, they was all tossed up. They was locked up into the old ways and caught up. But when we got the new sound out, people hyped up, started laughing somehow. When we in the store, start buying up milk, buying up eggs, start buying up the vegetables and get the eggplants and get Krispies. We got to get some chips in case we get some eddies. When we go in stores, big up, uh, get the cash, get the Zcash, and big up your BnB app and get up your Zcash and Zelle to PayPal, whatever you need, but get it, yo. Catch the hook. Better, better do with this. What the fuck? They-- The-- My-- The hook was gone, and now I'm back in zone. Bigging up different words, different vibes. Yo, I'm on waves like a surfer, O'Keefe O'Neal. I'm on some bru-shit like a whole deal. Get your bag, catch up, get your BnB, get your Bitcoin up and XRP, XRP. Get your cash, get up your big bags. Get up your big stacks. Get up your big stacks. Big up on the table is capable to do more pushups than you ever did, yeah. I'm a, I'm like a double-oh-seven. Walking in with tuxedo, a Mexican. Yo, I'm plowing and planting a row like a flower. Snoop Dogg in it, it's like two half in an hour. Planting it up, but you ain't trying to stop it 'cause we gonna have to get this fucking bottle and pop it. I mean, and with the seltzer water. We're not doing alcohol 'cause we ain't doing that anymore. We living more clean living, not doing any fucking drug and the drinking. Yo, I'm doing thinking even more pristinely. Clearly, I can speak even. Yo, I'm getting back into my freestyle that I stopped to do. I used to rap every day. That was the fucking thing that I would do. It would hype me up, and it'd get, like, my, uh, all my stress off my chest, stress off my chest. It doesn't matter. Get cash, get up your big bags and get up your big stacks. Put up it all on the top of the bar, however you are. Big up yourself on the R, yeah. Your bags and get up your crypto. Throw 'em up, it's large, and get up your big bars. Get up your crypto. Get up your big flow. Get up the top mo and get up and even mo. When I knock on the door, I gotta feel the flow under my feet and start to build it on wood. Yeah. Now plenty and you know we on leatherwood. But would you do it though? Would you be making, would you make the decisions that you should? Should you make the decisions that you should? Are you doing it now, hood? Yeah. Or not have to go and have to do it today. Can't it's the better the, the bigger the way, bigger the way. Uh, that's the Bay and Kitchen. Have to do them rhymes. Now I have to go and listen. XRP army in the house. Big it up, big up the couch, big up the whole trap, and I'm out. Don't want have to be in the ramen. Ride my time and, yo, my timing engine like a steam engine. Riding with Tom Hopkins and Tom Popkins. [rapping]
