[hip hop music] It's like damn, I wish you peace. In fact, I wish peace upon all people, whether m-whether my brothers in God or whether they're my enemies, I wish may God's will be done. I thank and praise and give all glory to God, the Most High. Heaven said that. Here comes the Rhyme Day. What you talking about, Sam? What you talking about, man? What you talking about, man? What you talking about? Yo, going scuba diving with your enemies on that boat is crazy. Going down underwater, see the boats dock. Swim up to the docks that you see on TV. See the rough career boats cruising on the sea. Getting out, get brain, interacting with other animals, whether in the wild or in the sea. Yeah, love spilling in my veins passing through my heart. Love and I feel that love. How they be feeling, not trying to be a fool. Bad taste in your brain and you rude, doing things real fool. Out here doing things the right way, even in another outfit under the world. Land, ocean, sea, another verb to the F-A-M-R-W-E-L-E double S give an L. Around the world. The world is flat, y'all. All I'm telling you now, baby. World is flat. World is flat. Said it's flat, y'all. I said it's flat, y'all. Said it, baby. Shit is so flat right now. You must not get played by them words that they have on the videos for verbs. They got all types of things and stuff for you if you wanna be astronaut type of dude. All type of Disney, all type of real shit, all type of video, all type of alien movies going on forty-five years strong. Going back days of before Federation and nine-- one Star Wars and, uh, going back before that, Dungeons and Dragons. Going on, building an entire army of fiction, friction, movement. But the world done been bent on front and use of words and good verbs and attitudes and win, evolution, words, and attitudes. Altitudes are not the space, the limit. Yo, the sky's the limit. There ain't no limit. Going to you, baby. Tell them things. Tell them how it's gonna be. If they start practicing, you'll be an MC. Yo, leave it up to me if you got to, but you gotta start working out on your own too. You can't go to the gym, walk around like the whole damn time, but not lift a finger for yourself. You might get racked out on yourself, but you can't be rolling up all day trying to take a casino, but you damn right. Aw, damn. You damn it right. Mob the whole, but mother the upper show. What we-- Aw, damn. What is the point I got up? Yo, it's like when you in the ocean, you gotta start rocking around to get up and get them breeze. Get up and get up, and you'll find that breeze. When you go down, go down, you'll find that breeze. Underwater, catch the wave while you going over all that. [hip hop music]
