Statement of understanding. By completing this enrollment application, I agree to the following. One, this is a Medicare Advantage plan that has a contract with the federal government. This is not a Medicare supplement plan. You'll need to keep your Medicare Parts A and B. You can only be in one Medicare Advantage or prescription drug plan at a time. Enrollment in this plan will automatically end your enrollment in another Medicare Advantage or prescription drug plan. If you have prescription drug coverage or receive any in the future from somewhere other than this plan, it is your responsibility to let us know. Two, enrollment in this plan is generally for the entire year. You can only leave or change this plan during Medicare's open enrollment period of October fifteenth through December seventh or under special circumstances. This plan only covers the area that you live in. If you're planning to move out of the area, please call us and we'll help you find a plan in your new area. Medicare doesn't usually cover you while you are cur-- out of the country or with limited exemption of the limited coverage near the US border. Three, you have the right to appeal plan decisions about payment or services if you disagree. We will release your information to Medicare only as necessary for treatment, payment, and healthcare operations. Medicare may also release your information for research and other purposes which follow all applicable federal statutes and regulations. If you leave this plan and don't have or get other Medicare prescription drug coverage or credible prescription drug coverage as good as Medicare's, you may have to pay a late enrollment penalty in addition to your m-- your premium for Medicare prescription drug coverage in the future. Four, if a sales agent helps you choose a plan, the sales agent may receive compensation based on your enrolling in the plan. You get the lowest cost coverage with your new plan. You should use in-network providers, pharmacies, and services except in the case of an emergency. To make yourself familiar with the services, terms, and conditions of the plan, please read the Evidence of Coverage document when you receive it or when you view it online. Services covered by the plan are listed in the Evidence of Coverage documents. Services not listed on the Evidence of Coverage will not be paid for by Medicare or the plan without authorization. This plan provides refunds for all medically necessary covered benefits, even if out of network. Five, the information on this enrollment kit and is correct to the best of your knowledge. If you currently have health coverage from an employer or union, you could lose your employer or union health coverage if you join this plan. If you have questions, contact your benefits administrator or the office who answers questions about your employer or union coverage. Do you accept the applic-- Do you accept the-- Do you accept-- Do you-- Have you reviewed and accept this statement of understanding? Please say yes, today's date, and your name.
