... with a- with a surrender value enhancement agreement. All right? I- I- let me just- let me- let me create a scenario where this makes sense to have it. It makes sense when a business is owned- gonna own a policy on, let's say, a key person. All right? And they're buying a policy and they're paying 100 grand a year, and it's a, uh, it's an expense that they're incurring, which is in the form of the premium. And the asset or the- the asset on their books is a surrender value in life insurance. So, without that- uh, without that rider, if you pay 100 grand and your surrender value is 75 grand, then you have books that need- then your- your balance sheet doesn't balance. So, the big reason why that- that is there- now the early values agreement's a little bit different, but they have to- you have to have both of them. Um, you have to have the early values agreement if you want the surrender value enhancement agreement. You can have the early values agreement without the surrender value enhancement agreement, but you can't have it vice versa. So, the reality is- and then that's why you have- uh, for three years you have a larger premium, it's because that surrender value enhancement agreement states that, um, in the first three years your- your surrender value will be no less than 100% of your- uh, the premiums paid in. And that's strictly for, uh, accounting purposes. Uh, I guess I don't have an illustration that reflects outside of, um, him viscerally believing that what we're saying is true and he does want part of this and we should fill out or wait- right away. We don't have a- a true- I don't have a 200,000 a year or if you think that Securian might go- approve them up to 300,000. We don't have a- like you said, we don't have- um, we don't want to intercept the football. I got that from you yesterday. I don't want to throw- we get a couple chances at throwing the ball, we're not gonna throw it and not let it land. That would be a mistake. We wanna throw- uh, make the- the insurance company has to make an offer to him that he accepts. I'm gl- I don't have an illustration today that has just the early values agreements, and we discussed- I- you sold me yesterday- Hello? ... what bills did not have this as a comp- company-owned plan. But the illustrations that I have, um- Show me- s- send me- do you have a ill- case ID number on one of them? Yeah. Uh, the case ID number is 24126785. All right. Did I run this for you? Yeah. All right. I don't know why I would have run this, but I must have. Um ... It was a- it was a Friday like today. You were maybe tapped out for the week. Yeah, this doesn't make- this doesn't- this doesn't make any sense to me. There was no reason to have the- there's no reason- I- I don't remember doing one for $200,000 but that doesn't mean I didn't do it. Um, maybe it was a long time ago. I don't know. Okay. But here's the deal. Um, the- there's a couple things that are wrong with this, in my opinion. Number one, the early value- the- the surrender value enhancement agreement doesn't make any sense to me. Un- unless you're gonna- i- if you want to go down that road of buying- of having the company, you know, pay for it, yeah. But the other thing then I would take off the chronic illness agreement, because if you have a company-owned policy and the chronic illness agreement and the insured qualifies n- for, you know, uh, for the chronic illness, it's gonna go to the company, not to the insurer. The money, well of course, and then he owns- he owns the company. But, um, I- and I- I'm not saying that I didn't do this, but I- I- this doesn't make- All right, you did not do it, Bill. This doesn't make sense. This pur- frank did it. Don't worry about it. Frank did it. Yeah, okay. And I'm not- I'm just saying, this- this doesn't make sense to me. It's not Bill's style to do this type of plan. I don't thi- definitely not you. Well, and I- I'm not just calling Frank or anybody out. I'm just saying this doesn't... and I think- I think the reality is, it doesn't really matter what the hell the illustration looks like. I mean, if you're gonna ask for a couple $100,000 a year and, um... I agree. You know, uh, nine million, whatever the base amount, two- $2.5 million death benefit, okay. All right. I mean, the surrender value enhancement agreement and the- the chronic illness agreement's one thing. I personally don't think that that makes sense on an accumulation policy and particular if it's owned by a business. So, you can take that for whatever it's worth, but y- take this illustration and run with it if you want to because the- the- the surr- the surrender value enhancement agreement-... agreement, isn't gonna really make the ... The chronic illness agreement will make a difference in underwriting just because they have to underwrite for it, but the rest, the rest of it, doesn't matter. Because what you're gonna do is you're gonna say, "Well, okay if I, if an offer is made to me, then um, I wanna add this rider." Okay, well then let's create an illustration, add rider. It's not gonna impact the underwriting. But what I can tell you is that if the, if the application comes in and the business is not the owner of the policy, you will not get the renter value enhancement agreement. So when it s- on the application it says is it for, um, business or per- I wrote that as both on the e-app. Is that a- acceptable? I'll do then, Ab will put his- Well, you gotta- I'll put that his bid- So- Ownership is tax ID him, the company, correct? The, yeah, there's ownership, who owns it, well it's, it's, you know, whatever the name of the firm is who owns it, and then you're gonna have to have this, there is gonna be a, a, uh, an executive of the firm which is him. Yeah. Right? Yeah. But yeah, the firm has to own the policy in order for you to have this renter value enhancement agreement. Right. And, and, and we but, we th- But you're gonna s- Yeah. If you're gonna submit the application with the firm owning it, then yeah you can have it on there, or you can show them the illustration with it, with the, and with the understanding that this means A, it's costing you, number two, or A, B, B is that the firm has it. So if you wanna submit it and if that's the way- Uh- And I'm not saying it's wrong. No! Okay. I'm saying I don't see a ben- I, I, I don't see a benefit of having the business owning it if it's a sole proprietorship. I, um- I think it may, it needs to be made clear to the client, uh, that there is no tax deduction if the business owns it. Okay, if I could, if, if- Because I guarantee you that's what they're thinking. Okay, I, maybe I could get some updated materials. I had some from Nationwide that, that outlined it, uh, company and policy, m- uh, tax basic structure, and from what I remember, this is two, only two, three years ago. Wasn't that long ago. Wasn't yesterday, but from what I remember, um ... Shit, now you got me all confused. Now I feel like, like I've gotta have to get the answer right and it's a two or three year memory. But something along the lines of it, it was not, it was a deduction for the company, or it was not ... Once, once the money is spent from the account, then it becomes a taxable event to the pe- I mean, sure. Yeah. Yeah, so that's a, it's like doing a bonus plan. So okay, I get a deduction from the company and I have to claim it as income taxes. And it's the same person. So unless there's a, an ul- a definitive benefit in that stream of stuff, then I mean, you probably have the best, you know, in to ask that question. Don't you have some accountants? Now, and then it's gonna be set up as a 162 bonus plan. Ah, it say he has debts and he's gonna conti- If, if, if he's, if he's making this much money and is not accumulating and I think he's spending too- He may have a spending problem. I mean, you know, I don't think he's an alcoholic like that, but and some people, you know, he ... What am I trying to say? I lost my train of thought trying to be funny. Um ... Well, if he's spending the money, he's spending the money, right? It- Either way, whether it's- If that's- ... personal or business spending. It, it is what it is, right? But if you're trying to help him corral some of that, why, in what area is it beneficial to have a business owned contract versus a individual? I understand. I was, I was operating on, on, on wrong information. I thought that either, first of all, that I, I either thought the, it was tax deductible and then became an off fit set itself once the insured ... Anyway, I was going off of a brochure in my mind from two years ago from Nationwide which is not as smart as listening to William from Securian today. Um- Well, I'm not lead- I'm not reading the brochure so I'm not saying the brochure is wrong, I'm just trying to figure out if, if this is, if this is a key person policy- Yeah. ... then there are no deductions right now until you start to give that money, until you transfer it over. If it's a, if it's a bonus plan which typically, um, you know, you do that for key people in the, within the business and if he's the only person then as a business owner, he is getting a deduction for bonus that's being put into the life insurance policy and the recipient, i.e. him again, has to claim that as ordinary income on his taxes. So- Could you back that part up? I, he, he might not be an S corporation. He told me he's an S corporation but he, there's four other people there. They c- One of them's a son-in-law. I don't think he would 1099 his son-in-law. I think his wife would kick his ass. So I think he might not be if, uh, I don't know if that changes anything. Sorry to interrupt you. It's, I, I didn't want to forget that ball. Go ahead, Bill. Yeah, I'm not, I, I, yeah, what I'm saying is I'm, I'm, I'm not, I'm talking about the policy for the owner and the insured which is this doctor person, right? The, the, the insured, so if in fact you want the company to receive a deduction then you are going to have to set up a bonus plan in where the insured has benefits as ...... in the form of an annual bonus, which is deductible to the business and taxable to the insurer. Oh, great! That- And the insured- Okay. Sorry. Yeah. And if the owner, if the sole proprietor is the same as the insured, where is the benefit in that transaction, uh, unless there's some different tax rates and accounts that makes sense? And either... Furthermore, who's gonna keep track of it? You're... I do play, I do play chess, Bill, but you moved the bishop around so many places and forked me in so many ways. I- But, I mean... And if that was the case, this is not a business-owned policy, right? This is a personally owned policy, where the business gets a deduction because it's setting up a bonus Yeah. ... again. So the surrender value enhancement agreement is off the table. If it's owned by the business, then it must be a key person, right? And then the beneficiary is gonna be the business. Then you can have that. But then there's no deduction. I'm thoroughly confused as, um... Well, because I... I mean, I think I can still get him in the computer today, but, uh, I guess we'll just... He'll buy into it emotionally and we'll back, we'll- No, all of the, all of the stuff that you and I are talking about can... Are plans that can be, uh, adjusted after the fact, meaning once it gets in-house. Right. So, all you need to do is, if you, if you're, if you're unsure or someone's unsure of, you know, creating a policy that's owned by the business, we'll then just have him sign as the owner. And then once it goes through underwriting, then we resubmit an application with the business as the owner inside, if that's the strategy you want to incorporate. Could you say that one more time? We can always add That- Did you... You would want me to submit it as a business-owned policy first, or submit it as a personal owned policy first? Submit it as the way- I think you can s- Sorry. Sam, however you're gonna, however you're gonna, uh- Approach it? ... present it and however you're gonna sell it. All I'm saying is, I do not see a benefit to having the business own the policy. I agree with you. I'm not contending that anymore. Right now, I'm just content, um... I'm on the piece of getting... Just basically, I'm trying to repeat back to you what you told me, which is, let's let him buy into it and get him in the computer today. Uh, we'll, we'll run off of this illustration even though it doesn't make... There's a lot of fault, issues with it. And of course you said there's always accountants and lawyers, they have their own ways in terms of interpreting things, but that's not necessary here. Just going off this illustration, he's very, um... We can change, we can... Since we're adding unnecessary things like the, uh, waiver of premium, chronic illness, those are things we could remove. They're, we're giving additional information that they don't necessarily need to give it a haircut. And we could, um... Making it personal owned requires less paperwork than company owned. That's what you're telling me. You're, you're saying if you over... Basically, if you over present or over sell, for lack of a better term, things that aren't even necessarily a good fit or per- maybe the best or optimal, it's okay because we can trim all that stuff back on the back end once he's, once the app's inside Securian. Yeah. Big thing is, we're just gonna need, you know, how much are you applying for, um, you know, what kind of premium underwriting class? So if the, if there is a... If, if you believe that there will be a further discussion, maybe bringing in an accountant or something, you know, some advice on that, then that's fine. But the reality is, if we can get the whole thing started, we're just gonna submit an application. We're gonna have you as the owner and you name the beneficiary, and should this change, as the process goes on, then we will make adjustments as we move forward. And that may include just submitting another application with, uh, the correct owner, ownership on it. But the long and the short of it is, if you want to get this going, we can submit it now, because it doesn't... If there's no incidence of ownership, it's not an enforced policy. There's nothing with that, right? Um, it... This happens quite often with trust owned cases where there's a case that's gonna be owned by a irrevocable life insurance trust that's not made up yet. Well, we submit the application, the signature of the owners are the insureds. We submit it for underwriting. They both are underwriting, they get an offer. They say, "Okay, here's your offer." They're like, "Okay, we need to resubmit an application with the trust as the owner," and they do that. It happens all the time. But the fact is that they got the thing in the system and they got it underwritten because the ownership has no bearing on how the underwriting goes. Right. Okay. So, I think you got a plan, right? If, if there's con- if there's a bunch of questions that, that, you know, start going down the rabbit hole of all the riders and stuff like that, just say, "Well, let's just get the damn thing-" Totally. "... acquired for $2.5 mil." Yeah. L- l- let's get in it. Let's get- "You get an attorney over and underwrite it." Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right, so- There you go. ... you're not mad at me if I type it in wrong? I'm just gonna get it typed in and, uh, we'll get it, uh, smooth, uh, smoothed out as the days go by. I, I'm not... There's no need for me to be mad at you. I appreciate that you're working with me. I mean obviously, you know, you talk to Frank. Frank's the RVP. He's in a different... I don't even support that territory, but I know Frank, and I just happen to, um- I haven't returned Frank's call. ... have a conversation. Uh- I don't think I talked to Frank. You... I thought that's who you said sent it, the, the illustration. You know who Frank is? Frank White? Oh my gosh, dude. I made that... That was completely... That was me ad libbing. I made that up on the fly, just a random name. That's amazing that there's a real Frank and he's a critical person in our relationship. No, I threw that... I could have just said easily Bob or Albert. Well, he made... Well, he made... Actually, he, he is not a critical part. Uh, it's, it's somebody else, right? So, yeah, it's Richard Tolma. Oh. Anyway, forget about that. Forget it. Uh, just go there, you know, be happy with your, your, uh, your appointment and be satisfied with it. And once it... You know, once it gets in, in, in the loop, then we'll kind of deal with it from there. Awesome. Thanks for taking my call, Bill. Have a great Friday. All right. Good luck. Thank you. Take care. Thank you. Talk to you later. Talk to you later. Bye-bye.