From now on, from now on, starting this very moment, from now on, starting this very moment. All right. You are, you know yourself. You know your- it now. Go get it now. Go get it now. Go get it now. You can do it. You can do it. You can do it. You can do it. You can do it. That's right. Aware of the person you are as a person of intelligence, intellect, confidence, strength, success. You know what you like and you need it in your life, and what you want. You have the confidence, sir. Ah! And the ability to take on any task easily, effectively, with fun and having a fucking fun time and involve other people to take over the hard parts. Believing in yourself and being positive gives you the confidence that you need to achieve. You... It gives you the confidence you need to achieve anything that you imagine yourself as having, doing, being. Wow. When you are attempting something new, when you are attempting something new, the first thing that comes into your mind are the words "I can do this." I can do this. I can. And it feels so good to begin now. Just start now. Start now. I can do this. You know what you can conceive with your mind, your mind can also achieve. Just because you haven't done something before or you haven't used a particular skill in a while doesn't stop you any longer. Doesn't stop you any longer. Just because you may not know how to do something doesn't stop you any longer, because you knew, know that doing new things is fun. Doing new things is fun. You know that. Oh, well, come on. Doing new things is fun. You realize that doing things you haven't done before is how you grow as a person, and it's fun to do that. It's fun to grow as a person. You are open-minded. You move ahead with confidence that you will succeed. You move with confidence that you can get into it now. You can get into it. You move ahead with confidence that you will succeed. You are in harmony with yourself and with the universe. You are in harmony with yourself and with the universe. Your own beliefs, your own beliefs are in harmony with yourself. Your values are in harmony with yourself. Your wants are in harmony with yourself, and your needs are right for you. Your needs are right for you. Your needs are right for you. Others' expectations and needs are not important to you. Others' expectations and needs are not important to you. You recognize that others' expectations and needs are their responsibility. Their responsibility. And from this moment on, you will exercise your right to be you. You will exercise your right to be you. Just because you haven't expressed those beliefs, those wants, those desires to yourself in the past does not stop you from fully knowing and embracing them now. From this moment on, you will automatically maintain your sense of self and your awareness of what you believe and what you want. You will find that you easily stay in the present, paying attention to what you want and how you feel in that moment. You will find that you easily stay in the present, paying attention to what you want and how you feel in that moment. You will automatically, you will automatically maintain your own personal space and your boundaries separate from others' energies. You will automatically maintain your own personal space and your boundaries separate from other peoples' energies. You are confident because you know you are a winner. You are confident because you know you are a winner, and you know you are a winner. You know you are a winner. You imagine your life skillfully, confidently, and with ease. You're confident because you know you are a winner. You manage your life skillfully, confidently, and with ease. (rustling)