It's time to start it from scratch again. It's time to start the recorder from beginning and delete the last 45 minutes of trash talking and trash rap practicing. Try to get your words without you acting out of character. Don't sell your soul to gain any attention, or fake followers on an internet site. Yo, we got that Amstel bright, and we living right large. And we on Bonaire. We try to take charge when we sinking down water, and we like to swim straight. We know we going to see the frog fishes today. They all waiting on us. They all waiting on the bus. We got to see all them eels and such. All them eels is waiting to start going hunting, but they are waiting for their... Amy came. Amy came. Yeah. And all the eels went out to play. Amy came. Amy came. Amy came, and all the eels rode out to work. The green ones, the black spotted ones, and even the white silly fruity white ones. But they're all really rudy eels in the end. Amy game. Amy's game. Amy's game. Amy's game. Amy's game. Amy's board game. Yo, it's Gertrude. It's Maud Day. Yo, it's Penelope. No, it's Sam. It's Michael. It's Bobby. Is it Meggle? Brian and Karen or Kevin? Nah. It's Amy's game. Amy's game. Amy's game. And we landed on a parking space. You lucky we didn't land on the space that had boardwalks on it, or a parking space, park space, 'cause she got three green houses on the ship. You might have to pay that money straight outta pocket quick. There's no credit or credit cards in Monopoly, kid. It's actually some fake shit, 'cause the whole game is made up of debt and credits. But not in the board game. Yeah. We miss the way that it was. We want it to be the way it could be. Have to go and get high. Have to go and stop by. Have to go in through all the different books and truth. Go and get right. Have to go and get high. All these people pass by. Little rain, purple rain. Yeah, represent. Yeah, represent ALG. Yo, ALG is Amy Louise Gilby. Go van, hell, uh, go and walk that rude dudey. Went to Third and Rudy. Walk to that white, white cat, it's Rudy. Walk, walk that white cat. Walking that white, white cat, hell yeah. Walking that white, white cat. Walking that white, white cat, hell yeah, 'cause every time that me and Amy go for walk, gonna have to take a woody. Yo, he's super nice, and it's super bright outside. The perfect energy and weather. The sun is coming like a Craisins commercial. That's the squirt, have to be the squirt to, me and Amy. Breeze through and get your brew through. Have to next, have to get back in this, the, the character of Dr. Dre. How do we talk anyway? I don't fucking forget, how would the dude even do? Doc Dre, we don't have a fuck to say. Get away. Get out my way when I got my football. Won't have to knock all these yuckers after all. Knock 'em down if they get in my way. At the top, I don't want to have to mash anybody, but they in my way, 'cause ding dong, get your ice cream along. It's like biting into ice cream. Big up that ice cream, yeah. I know our president looks retarded, but that ice cream is good as shit, that is true. I know because we live in Wilmington, Delaware, and we represent the USA. We know that our president is gay, but we want you to stay and, and realize that the ice cream is for Rizzy, that ice cream he is eating is actually super cold and super tasty and super... and it doesn't make you fart. It's the high grade, yo. He's got the presidential ice cream pro. This shit, he can eat it, but doesn't give him passed gas. It just makes him even live longer and last. Why doesn't television make fun of him the way that the, the King, Donald Shrimp, Shrimp and Trump it when he bumpin' it? He riding slab when he be going down Manhattan Street, on 5th Saks Avenue. We have to go and do what Amy gonna do during the game when she play against Maud Day and Gertrude Penelope. Come around my way and see how we going to do today. We going to have to get up on the orchards and clip all these delicious fruits off. They ready to be picked, y'all, to be picked, y'all. We got 1,000 acres of grape, of grape, grapefruit juice, hell yeah. Grape, grape, grapefruits.Oranges and tangerines. Oh, yeah, going to go and get the machines. It's time to go get these beans. Growing like leaves. Coffee beans is only par- small part of our operation. Yo, we got a thousand acres on some elevation ground in Florida that be growing up. Yo, we make millions of dollars in juices. But we don't think about money all the time, that's for losers. We really don't think about money almost any of the time, motherfucker. Yeah. We're not little bitches and busters. No, we not clean, uh, we're not crusters neither. But, yo, sometimes when we do think about the money, we just think that we should already have fucking plenty so we don't have to think about it again. That way we can go run around and be friends. Have a nice time on adventuring. Go and pioneer the whole new crystal garden. When they have to have the whole pyramid made up. Go and shake it up. I don't <inaudible . Get your spirulina, big up, hell yeah. OJ. Get your fresh orange juice from your orchard, okay. Now, to break down your green, your, get your... Yo, we s- we flippin' oranges, hell yeah. When you go to Whole Foods and they make you fresh juice, where you think that OJ came from, for real? Where you think the oranges done come the peel? Hell yeah. Came straight from the farm. Where you think kids, yo, we growing, we growing straight up orange bombs that come with juice, come with loose favorite fruits. They also use it in different candies. That's the fact is we, we got plenty of working bees. We also brought all the bumblebees. They buzzing up all the times in front of the keys. We don't flip no keys anymore. We don't deal with lows on the kilo. We don't have to go and run shit for back from Reno, Nevada, back to Las Vegas anymore. We're not driving a Lamborghini, black, 250 miles an hour with all the lights off and only going through radars. That's how they be traveling past all the police at night with all the cocaine they got in the back of the car. Driving 250 miles an hour in a black Lambo with night vision through the cam, yo. Uh, check it out. Check it out one time right now. Check it, check it, check it, check it, check it out one time right now. Check it out right now. Got a bone. Glu- glutathione. Heal up your whole zone when you sleeping, when you laying down, when you look like you peeping. Your whole biology is healing from this. Sam Russell on the microphone right now, make your whole, make you feel straight bliss when you hone to this. The dude shouldn't be rapping, this shit should be instrumental, but it's okay 'cause I rhyme with them. They can handle me. Down with the Pound you fucking... Where, where they Dog? Where you down with the Dog Pound? You down with the Dog Pound? Well, where they at now? 'Cause I done flipped it. We going pancake swap. We going to mix it. We going to split it. We going to take the blunt. Booya! We gonna split it in half and take the real shit out immediately. Dip, dip, doppa, put the dogs inside the freaking marijuana. We gonna put the dog inside the fucking blunt, bro. I'm gonna put a pig into my fucking stove. Pimp doctor. Pimp doctor spot ya. Pimp doctor. Pimp doctor spot ya. Pimp doctor who have to spot ya. Pimp doctor who have to go and spot ya. Pimp doctor, Johnny Blaze had to go in Ghost Town, riding, riding, riding in town, um, to the Ghostbusters. Nobody knew how much time we'd have to coke crush, yo. We got that ice and the diamonds, that would be nice, but they can't break it. Under 10,000 pounds of raw hand grenades that we done been throwing. Now we going swimming at the bottom of the ocean with our subarus, Johnny Quest, with our scuba quest. Now we gonna have to contest the whole situation with a submarine, we ain't playing. We going down to the bottom of the Mariana Trench. Yo, we got the whole clench. We gonna clench the money up on the crypto clench. Yo, the crypto game, kid, the crypto game. We got frogs jumping out the whole damn thing. The whole new coin pump. The whole coin pump. Then they got pumped and trashed. Pumped and dumped. Pump and dump, pump and dump. Uh, pump, when you run with them crypto dogs, you gonna see pump and dump, pump and dump, pump, pump, pump, pump and dump, pump and dump. When you seeing them cryptos, cryptos. What you want with them cryptos, cryptos? Pump and dump when you joining John Hancock. Hand cocked with you, Will Smith hand pops, uh, when we go on to do, do description. Sam Russell submits MC rap. Yo, we water underwater raps, hip hop that we have to get underwater scratch. Yo, the disc like a DJ, like, but not gay like Chris in Japan is have to go toggle my goggles and let my vision see square through all these different puzzles. We got the different answers and pieces and players, but we don't have any coaches and referees and haters. But we got way more lovers outside in the stands. They buying our jerseys. That's good, man. We need to get more revenue. We go- gotta get more. Uh, yo, we went to RenCon today. RenCon was not as wack as the people say. It was way more chiller. It was way more, not even guerrilla. They was trying to act like this shit was straight gonna be strange or scary or ick or eerie. This shit was irie, this shit was vibesy. They wasn't even judgmental, like all these people out here on the beach for sure. But they would look you up and down, down. What they wanna say? Ask you where you from, from. Yo. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.Squad. Wu-Tang. Squad. Check it, check it, check it out. Melted to perfection. Toasted baguettes, from Panera. What up with it? Yo. Yo. Yo, peace. Yo, doc. What up, doc? What up, doc? What up, cousin? What up, doc? What up, cousin? Yeah, yeah. What up, doc? Know what I'm saying? Give me my carrot, bitch. Yeah. How we running, bro? What up, doc? What up, doc? Trying to get me. Uh. In the end, drugs to lead this country to ruin. I'm not getting down with any crooked people or crooked ways. We not trying to be down with any abductions. Uh, we gotta get rid of the obstruction. When I did too many suppositories unblockages and dude with the cake walkages. People is up in the daytime sleepwalking again, sleepwalking again. Ghostface is trying to interrupt me, but he be thoughts, his thoughts is erased. I'm on the boardwalk to slay. Put all of his thoughts inside of a balloon and just throw it in the gate. Yo, have to get off over. The dude is trying to get... Yo, I'm amazing like a four-leaf clover, that's for sure. But the thing is when you go and pick it up straight like duck weed, hog weed, my energy is upbeat. Ghostface Killers trying to compete. He's trying to be down on the broad street. Trying to talk up, up some tumbleweed. Yo, Ghostface Killers is a bunch of rag talk. Ghostface Killers just a bunch of empty talk. He ain't down on hog weed. He ain't down on hog weed. He's just talking some words we don't even speak and hear about it. Yo, we get about it. We try to get some taste and smoke some weed off of this one. Equitable from the beginning to end. We have to go get some fresh takes and go get out the new game. It's applicable to any people that have been inexplicably, yo, perturbed. It's inapplica-dozen. It, it's incommunicatable. I'm trying to speak intelligible, but the shit is hard to get for me to get excitable. The shit is hard at times when I rhyme. We have to go and finish the shit that we started where we come from, kid. Yo, my rap don't diminish. Yo, I don't have to listen to the Raekwon and distinguish, or yo, extinguish his rhymes with my more refined, refined, high wine. Dice down and king fishes, fuck the lion fishes. We making, making dishes on the regular, big cellular. We got the cellular connection with all the dudes in the back with the optimist. I got Aunt Phyllis. Yo, she's my new favorite. She's beautiful Aunt Phyllis. From now on when I talk to her, my new nickname for Phyllis is Beautiful Aunt Phyllis. Yo, she's beautiful Phyllis. Beautiful Aunt Phyllis. It's time to be, yo, with The Machinists. Me and Amy is out here trying to kill fish, trying to kill fish and jellyfish and match them up. Ain't trying to let the shits get us back, yo. Crayfish and Raekwon is in the back trying to place a different casement. We in the basement having a meeting, having a session. Amy and Amy is replacing the last bone-in. Yo, we got the new pavement. We got the whole new conversation. We having a new meeting. We ain't stopping anytime soon. We want y'all to know what's up with the afternoon. We going to big it up on the real. We going to keep the new hot deal. We going to keep this shit for real, downfield. People get to br- fucking protect your ass like a shield. Hell year. Get up and out of here. Going to have to get the fucking concealed permit. Don't fucking act like you never heard of this. Wakefield, bitch. Brandywine Boulevard, mother yucker. Def Squad, Wu-Tang. Oh, man. We can do this one, man. Nah, nah. Just did that one right there. Nah, nah, nah, nah. Nah, nah, nah, nah. Fuck it, check it out. Yo, yo, yo. We just did it one time. How you trying to bring me back second time? That's how we going to do, that's how we going to get better. We have to go through the exercises. Yo, call me Sonic Hedgehog of the Bonaire. All these motherfuckers are scared. When I, they, I seem like I'm running around, running so fast that, "Are you that American that came down?" Yo, no, no, that my nigga Jersey. He came down and threw you all to the worst... It's hard to be two or three people at the same time when these dudes, uh, I don't know. I would admit, Method Man and Redman got a tight game. They finish each other's sentences. It's hard to do as a freestyler. Jump on in and be, take over two different perfect personalities that blend on in. That shit is pretty difficult, bro. You can't go wrong, man. You can't go wrong, man. Yeah, man, y'all from some Netherlands shit, dog. Some Netherland motherfuckers. Y'all motherfuckers don't play. Motherfuckers don't even swim, though. Although I will say the dudes don't scuba, but they do snorkel a lot. I will... I got proof of that. They do s- snorkel a lot. I ain't gonna lie, I ain't trying to even snorkel like that. A lot of them white blond boys from Netherland, and bright blond girls too, they go snorkeling mad deep for mad long with no padding or no floaters or no nothing at all. That shit is kind of sketchy if you want to fall. They could fall down 80 feet underwater without no breather, without no cover, without no shader, without no weaponry. They need to compete, they need to protect, they need insurance, secondary guarantee.Secondary guarantee. Yo, that's why I got my oxygen tank with me and that's why we analyze it. 35% Nitrox oxygen. Yo, it's also mixed up with nitrogen. Yo, I got 80, 80, 80 quarts per foot, 80 qu- how many damn fucking quarts I got? 80 cubic feet, bitch. 80 cubic feet and 303,500 pressure per square inch. And I got... You t- you should think about that shit. I got 80 quarts per scround... What the fu-... Don't laugh at me. I'm trying to add this shit up, man. 3,500 pounds of pressure per square inch. How many inches is on a bowl? How many inches is on the top of the metal screw, metal globe? Yippie yay, hee haw, a motherfucker get paid to play. How many square inches is there on the canister? And mo-... And ev-... Just take your thumb and put it on the canister and know that every time you put your thumb on it, when it's full, it has up to 3,500 pounds per thumb that you go over with it. That's true for the tall can too, but the tall can's got a lot more air to come through. Yo, that bitch was dumb. She was trying to trick us. That way, she wouldn't have to swim with us. She tried to trick us to get the stupid small fucking air can. Meanwhile, we be the man. Yo, we would have swam 60% further. We would have swam 60% longer. This bitch is trying to trick us, trying to get us to switch us, trying to switch us up. You know why? Because she's not trying to pick up all the tough guys' big cans, big sands. She's not trying to pick up the heavier cans. She's trying to trick us, so when they go, what, pick up all the different metal cans at the end of the day, they're trying to pick up one that's 60% less weight. 60% less weight, brah. Yo, they trying to trick us, so they try to pick us up and get us to stick us. They try to trick us with the small can and tell us it's better, man. It's not. It's not. It's not better for nobody. They just trying to get out of work. We know they lazy. Trying to get out of work. We know they lazy as fuck like the fucking Don K. Don K. Thank you, Don K. I'm like around the way. I had to get the bag and mix it up with the soap. We got a deal in the animal farm. When dogs get down to a dollar and 35, I bought up the whole motherfucking yard dog shit. I threw down $100,000. Yo, now I'm digging up all my BNB LP coins. Psych. Yo. No reason to go and have to go do that. The dude was a thief back in the old school. We done know, we did, we knew that. Would we have changed anything that we had known? Probably not, because we was in the zone. We thought that we knew what we had known. This little theme of the lesson is, what else could we be wrong about? Did we ever have a sensation that we should have known now, that we could have acted on, like Jiminy Cricket? Did we ever have a conversation on it? Did we even have a sensation? Could have acted on it. In the future, we need to set up the communication. That way, it's automag-... automation, that you do the right thing when you see the decision in front of you, which automated being. Outdated if you have to taste it. 36 flavors. Baskin-Robbins. Hell yeah. And you know it's, like, good. When we go to Dairy Queen, it's super, it's super soft and it's not as fresh. They only have vanilla and mint at best. But they got the better sprinkles. That's why them other peoples is all about the, yo, Dairy Queen, because they got better sprinkles. I know I'm gonna tickle your toes in the middle. Yo. We're gonna get the Mitchell to come by with the violin and play you songs of mine, because you need to stay high in the clouds and float by. Float by like you float Monte Charman, float Monte Charman, tissue paper, soft like a bear on Starman. Now you're charming. Make your way back into the toilet paper again. Super toilet paper, super fresh. Good. Bitch, please. Bitch, please. Bitch, please. Bitch, please. Bitch, me. Bitch, me. Bitch, meet me and A to the M to the Y-O B-O-N-A-I-R-I-E. Gonna go chill with a Spidey. Going out today. Dudes are off today because it's Saturday, but me and Amy didn't come to play. We dressed to our teeth, kid. We dressed to our teeth. We got... We got... We got weapons for days. We ready to go hunting and... No, not hunting, and we don't have time to waste. Each one of us is trying to get, like, a dozen fr-... Fucking lionfish today immediately. We selling them for fucking way more money than I can talk about or sing on this... From Rockwell. But me and Amy and Spidey, we some wise guys, wise fellas, good fellas. Play the whole game and get it down to some crocobell-... Get your fucking bellies. Yo. My bad. I need to get my windshield cleaned up. I need to be able to see through the rain way better. I need to get the windshield cleaned up. I need to be able to see through the windshield way better. But the truck dude don't have any windshield wash, washing fluid in the mother ship. You got to go back to the Westfield. What you talking about, Westfield? We... That's not where the parking lot's at, bro. We came from We- Wakefield. I need to go see, go see it. The dude was a player. Yo, I'm got... I'm new, the new layer. Layers of players on top of players. Dude, that's so player, that sounds like a bilayer. That sounds like a homolayer. If it's players laying on top of players, laying on top of players, that sounds like a specter. That sounds like some shit my gay radar detector is starting to go off with. Players laying... With layers of players and layers of players. This shit sounds like a good descriptor of a whole bird game. Disclaimer.Never seen a thing of any H-O-M-O. Players and players getting around. They gonna have to get the erections out somehow. Get the ejector seat out. We about to blast out of this fucking plane like Tom Cruise. We on the moves. We going mach 10. We don't give a fuck in anyhow. We going 2,000 miles an hour. But we need to get a fresh brush. We gonna crash this three billion dollar airplane down to dust. Why? Because that's what we do for fun. That's what we do for fun. That's what we do for fun. Fly around the waves, check out the vectors, the sectors, different missile inceptors, interceptor. We gonna fly around like Drake on his mind. Yo, we have to get all this money but not the paper. Amy is the brand new Crypto Mayor on the channel of YouTube. Her channel handle is called The Crypto Mayor. Crypto Mayor. Crypto Mayor. We wanna know what you play with ya, ain't with ya. The purveyor. Crypto Mayor. Yo, she's a trader and she makes the trades and she gets actually people subscription where they paying $50 a month to have exclusive content that's not free on her YouTube channel and shit. She's getting $50 a month by, for like, like that, at least 1,000 people are paying that shit. Plus she learns how to hustle even in more ways and shit 'cause they give her good ideas too, bro. Bro, they give her good ideas. They come up front and they're like, "Have you heard of the Donald Trump Frog Coin? The Donald Trump Crypto Frog Coin? Right now there's only three million dollars in it." And Amy got, looked into it and she's like, "Yeah, I'm gonna throw down like 1,000 into it only 'cause it's the Frog Coin and you know I'm frog fishing this week. That might be on point." Yo, she's frog fishing this week. Frog fishing at last. So she threw down only $10,000 and then it went from worth a total of five million dollars up to 1.6 billion dollars. Went from three bil- million to 1.6 billion in, like, several days. Amy's $1,000 don't play. That shit don't explode away. Exploding like a fucking child's day. Yo. Yo, Oppenheimer, Guggenheim, we chilling out with the Rothstein. Rothstein, Goldberg, know you heard but you, we don't know the different stories that you done heard. But we 17th, but we climbing up in the Philippines like a magica. Yo, we on the street on the tenth out. We go showing strength to the enemy now. Fuck them and fuck what they dispense. We keep motherfuckers on our street in perpetual suspense 'cause we don't know how they act when they walk by stripping on some fucking boat. Don't ask why, just ask please, let me get some rewind. I don't need the keys to the car. I need to keep going. Not trying to stop right here. Keep riding. Drive past the house, make a right up here. Chill down this road, it's bumpy right here. Hell yeah. Are you convinced that the 4th Street is way more crazy? Take me to 4th Street when we done this, like I'm in the Uber driver car. I didn't want to get stopped at the 705. I had to chill for a minute 'cause I got into a rocking zone and now I'm in it. But dude, now we're going up the bumpy road and now we can see all the other homo dudes in BLMs and rainbows that we gonna bounce off the walls and show immense. We have to get this immense suspense built up, built up. Immense, immense suspense built up, built up. Immense, immense, get the built up, built up suspense. I got the incense for all you motherfuckers that want to get it even more intense, intense. Get your new insurance license. I got like 20 of them plus my agency, that's like 40 fucking licenses that cost 50 to three fucking hundred dollars at one. That shit is fucking no fun. Fuck the motherfuckers for fun. Shit, they trying to fucking rate me every, like these... I get notices all the time. Uh, Minnesota, you need to fucking pay them. It's $150 and you never even made a fucking dollar over there. Yeah, bitch, give us our fucking money, ho. Hell yeah. Yo, this is Wisconsin, boy. Yo, just throw us $30 and we good for two more years, boy, even though you never made nothing in Wisconsin, yo. Yo, that's all good, bro. Yo, it's Texas, motherfucker. Don't play. You know, you all hot, all hat, no cattle, and know my name. We're gonna charge five, $400 for the business and a personal license every two years, then we gonna disappear. Yo, like a blunt behind the ear. Well, we all heard that rap tune the first time, now it's clear. Now it's like a pyramid in Egypt, but it's a four-sided pyramid. Yo, that's like the Syrup, of the Syrup Pools version three. Pancake Swap, you and me. We went to BEFE Finance. We went to VSSC Finance. We went to the Cronos Chain to find that. We went back to the Binance Smart Chain and make that. We went back to XRP to flip cats and flip dogs and flip cryptos and make mo' moes. We making mo' butter, mo' tasty, mo' clever, whatever. There gonna be some cryptos for dayses. There gonna be different tastes. There gonna be different cases of money that can be flipped around like they're sunny. They trying to make this fucking sunny side egg fucking super sunny. They got the money, but we got the brains and we also got the muscles to beat them down. But hold, hold up, they're on our team. The people with the money was also on our team. We living in a dream. That's what's seen. We have to open our eyes and see what we seen. Make a better scene. Make a better scene. Have a better dream. How make it a better dream? We can do that? How do you do that, man? Take a tour of a place from the comfort of your phone.Yo. They got me feeling crazier than a motherfucker. Motherfuckers is crazy as shit tonight. Y'all people is crazy as shit tonight. Y'all lucky these barracudas and piranhas don't even smell you right now, you know what I'm saying? You, you guys is crazy, right? You guys is crazy, right? Let me take you for a ride let me tell you. Let me take you for a ride what we're going through. Let me tell you about how we going through, yo, uh, yo. We going Blackstone. I'm Black Rock on this water. Now we got the Hancock, Hancock, hands fly. Yo, money spot don't keep it simple. Yo, honest, keep it simple, not complicated to little people and big people. Don't ever quit, but always look within. Look inside, and bring out the better person, the better guy, the better light, the better sight, the better voice. And besides, don't even put your better behaviors to the side. Always preside and always reside, allow your divine, the light of God divine, to dwell within you and turn you to straight light. Go in circle with it. Send all your pure godly light along the earth with it, which is better to give than it is to receive. That's why you should give of your heart freely. Give to everyone even if they're undeserving. Give to everyone even just learning. Give to everyone even if it's undeserving. Give to everyone even if the shit is learning. Give to everyone if the shit was undeserving. Give to everybody even if the shit is learning. Give to everyone freely. Speak freely. Give freely. Give hugs and kisses freely. People is scared as shit right now. People is not greedy. They, they're fucking sick with their mental diseases. They got traumas going down, down to the tiddlytoes of their bones. They scared and sketched out because they been w- told some bullshit and wrong that was meant to d- cut them off, and divide them, and to reside over them. We don't know how to describe them, but I want to be, help them. I'm on their side. Putting all the jokes aside, we're gonna have to help them to get back, and help them get indemnified. They got identified with the bullshit that had to, we, we, many of you did resist, but some other people that just coexist went along with that dumb shit, even though you and me would never go along with it. Yo. Then now, looking back now, they know that may- they have assisted with it, even though, i- imagine if you, how much you would never do it, but you, and if they did, i- then you would have feared like you had helped the system and you assisted with it by taking it and telling other motherfuckers you did. Fuck that. That's even another layer of guilt. Let it, let it freely, let it back, let it wilt. Don't need it anymore, not anymore. Let it go. Mountaineering, yo. Engineering. I'm clearing out the spaces in between my earrings. Clearing out the spaces in between my left and right ear. I need to go far, so I'm gonna live in a state of love and forget fear. Remember love. Remember to love and forget fear. Forget fear and remember to remember love. Remember to remember warmth, heart full of love. Remember to remember love. Remember to remember love. Remember to forget anything that's other than that. Yo, we going harder than that. Life is straight dreaming. Life is straight creamy. Life is straight chilling with it. I'm streaky when I come by. Yo, let's make peace with your hearts, everybody. Go to the people that are pissed at you. Go to them and make a treaty. Bring it to a peace type. We go and try and treat people right. Go and treat people right. It's all peachy now. It's peachy right now. It's peachy now. It's all peachy right now. We gonna rise, gonna ride, gonna go with it. People not sneaky no mo'. Gonna go get it. People not creepy any mo'. Your shit was in your head. Your shit was in your head. Let it go. Let it go, cousin. Let it go, cousin. People not creepy. It was in your head, buzz- like a bee in your head buzzing around, but the shit got let out, and now everything is straight again. Retiring, making all that money, but also making all those Photoshop bunnies you putting up, trying to legitimize your self-worth by putting up these five guys in the background, trying to get up your net worth by entertaining people, trying to get up your thumbs-up by, you think you're enterprising. But you know, really, you're just driving other people to insanity. I don't need, uh, any explaining. Let me explain this to you in the background. When they're not commenting, they are complaining about their life to themselves while they're driving to work, trying to put up the good fight, the good fight that you also had went through before you became a you-know-who, big shot, dumb fuck, pr- smart motherfucker trying to run shit over their brothers and sisters on a YouTube channel. But you had already thrown up substantial, yo, challenges and overcome them before you got to your stature. In the background, people are not actors. They're acting on the internet, and then they feeling it, and they don't like it no mo'. It make them feel good no mo'. ... cigarette, dog. They got me feeling crazier than a motherfucker. I got Bad Ass in this motherfucker. Perfect old lie, hoping to get by. Mac Family Don representing the Outlaws Yeah. Uh. I never heard this song befo'. I know it's in his top five or 10. I never had to see what he had to talk about. But I knew all the fine things he's hiding now. AndYo, and I'm learning how to rhyme. I started, started rapping, it's my really second time. Really just started going yesterday, it's true. But now that I got my raps, I'm going to have to practice on the regular. And if I do it every day, I know that I can learn how to trip up these words and flip them K's and flip them O around, make a P to a B. Take a P and flip it around into a Q. Turn it into the D. You see what I mean? That one little fucking character, if you flip it around, you can turn a, a B into a D. You can flip it upside-down and turn into a P. You can flip it around and turn into a Q. That's just one little sign post, dude. Yo. Uh. Yo, I insist that we have to go and spark a new wonderful, alive, amazing visions. We're gonna go and help people gracefully live their lives in bliss, wistfully. Yo, undoubtably people will be a little bit skeptic, but that's when our magnetism will offset it. My magnetism will offset their skepticism. I magnetically switch the temperature in their brains from to optimism, making them feel wonderful from the bottom of their toes, zooming up their leg permanently is changing, allegorically speaking. Yo, that same thing I said as I turned around and spoke to the audience. I was elec- electrocuting them with my eyes and also my vocal tones. I wasn't using force, it was force of... It was curiosity... It was curious... I'm curious how the game counterclaim obstacles in life, we got to overcame, overcame and overcome. And now we became th- as best as we had become, as now we are, we became. Is this the best that we can become? What are we pretending to not remember right now? What are you pretending to not remember? What are you pretending right now to not remember? What are you, what are you pretending right now to remember? What are you, what are you pretending right now not to remember? Yeah. And it's like that, too. Jumping on sides of baskets of you know who. These trucks be driving like T-1000, knocking up islands. Yeah. But them boats ain't cheap. We stack them real thick, th- with figs and wheat. Psych, stacking them up with giant thicks of salt. We got pink ones, we got the chronic salt. We don't sell the shit for fucking dirt cheap, we sell the top flamingo shit for top, top tail, for top price and top meat, for top slice, we get it top nice. For every little bit of grain of salt, we get top nice for e- little b- grain of salt. We get top nice for every pink of grain of salt. Top nice for every piece of grain of grain of salt. Top nice for every piece of grain of pink salt. Top nice for every grain of pink salt nice. Top nice for every grain of piece salt rice. Top nice for every piece of piece salt rice. Salt mice flying with them kites. We chilling with mice and flying them kites straight high in the sky, high in the sky. We got kites for days, we got kites for days. We see what the plays been tonight. We see how they football game play tonight. We know how them Eagles gonna play they way, play their skate, yo, play the ball, yay. But I'm not really into all of this, into all of that, into this mix. Yo, this beat is little, kind of, kind of weak actually. I hope the next one's straight-up free. Yo, I hope the next beat is way more tasty. Uh. That's right. Tasty. Hope this is most tasty. Yo. I got room in my belly for pastry for days. Room in my belly for pastry for days. Room in my belly for pantry for days. Got room in my belly for pa- pastry for days. Yo, and I'm baking up ways, baking up new taste, all type of plays. Baking up new taste, all types of ways. Baking up new taste, all types of ways. And I got a new whiskey that I make up with the new, uh, I got grape leaves, I got grape leaves and whiskey that I cook up with cheesy tastes that I make is put them on up and cook them slow in the bakers. Bacon oven, bacon muffin, get you guys puffing. If you guys are shifty, we gonna get a dozen of all of y'all to say you're sorry and not do that no more, 'cause we looking for taste and we looking for trouble. All them dogs in the way, get out of the bubble. We're gonna have to go and do and dig up all the crypto just to get a cuddle. We want to cu- we want to double our crypto, that way we can double our cuddle. We trying to double our cuddle. We know the quickest way would be to just double our crypto, that way, that way they want to cuddle with it, that way they want to cuddle with us. Yo, we ain't trying to go across without no trouble with us, no trouble with us. No trouble with us. Double crypto, no trouble with us. No trouble with us. No trouble with us. Double crypto, no trouble with us. No trouble with us. No trouble with us. Double your crypto, no trouble with us. No trouble with us. No trouble with us. Double your crypto, no trouble. No trouble, no trouble, no trouble. Double your crypto, double your crypto, double your Bitcoin, double your Bitcoin, double your Bitcoin, double your XRP, but double your Bitcoin, too. You can use a self-di-ray- di- self-di-rected aracted IRA. The shit's been traveling from 95,000 to 27,900 for weeks. This is time to start just making money from that shit. If it goes sideways, it might be the best time to start macking and start betting a little bit at a time. Just use a 2% position and short the motherfucker 'cause you believe it will drip down 'cause you want it to pass 30,000.Yes, we all want it to pass 30,000, but it's been one of those bitch fucker weeks, bitch fucker months. You notice it's already at 29,150, and you can see that it's starting to jump down. Fuck it. All right. Let's bet $2,000 it's just going to go down at least $500 in the next three days. Who the fuck cares? We got to make ways. We got to make ways and plays. We got to think of new ways of getting the money back, and gracefully making the loot back. Playfully, not worrying about that. Yo, I chuckle with it. I'm running with them chuckle, 'cause I'm Huckleberry with it. The only way for me to come back is like Machiavelli. Ask me. All these motherfuckers stole from me. Man, Pac, what you talking about, man? Yo, Pac, I don't know you though. I don't know what you trying to say, yo. I don't know what Pac tried to be about. I don't know wh- if Pac was even hard or if he was homo, man. There's so much fucking... He used to take ballerina dances, and then he went to thug life. Come on. I don't know, man. There's a lot of crazy shit. I mean, he's... That's why people love him too, is 'cause he's deep with it. He's on a metaphysic. He's on a sp- he's not on a gender-specific. He can be a thug life fucking motherfucker, but also a beautiful, glamorous eyes and be thin, a super thin, frail and warm body, dancing in a band la- ballerade, ballerade dresser, ballerade dance queen, ballerade with makeup, make up whatever help to shake up the whole trainer, 'cause he wants to roll to the whole top of the list. Uh, he can go and get, go to Jamaica. Yo, too cannibalistic. This shit's horrific what they going to go through. They call it scientific, but they just trying to get down to animalistic tendencies. I'm trying to be back on a new, yo, blender, Ninja Gate and see, I got my passion fruit and I'm making it up. I'm tasting up all the different intrinsic taste, 'cause yo, we making it. I, I'm putting in different... Oh, shit, Sam. Shit, Sam. Yes, we got different amino acids, amino acids. You want to be digging them up on a regular. You can drink amino acids, that's true. But specific ones are so chronic that you may want to do something else, dude. Yo, but I won't say any more than that. You can put l- pit... lipstick on a pig and still try to fight back, but you won't really get much except some mud on your head. Mud on your head. Yeah. I'm out in this Pacific... We chilling on the Pacific Ocean and the Olympic, Olympic National Park. Olympic National Park. Nobody had seen what... Oh, shit. Yeah, check it out. Yosemite National Park, move out. Yosemite National Park, what we going to do? Where we going to go? Where the next disco? Me and Amy go when? When? Every weekend. We go anytime we want. That's how we go, man. It's insanity, the propensity for me and Amy to go to Yosemite. She's into dentistry, and she makes a density of money easily and she's got longevity in the game. Everybody know that she's the straight up top game. She's the top player with vivacity. She's got the best dexterity. Also, she gets the best Google reviews with sincerity. They really are saying you are the best one, the anti-gravity, with sincerity. They are saying you are doing this shit for free. They want to come back and only deal with you with brevity. Yo, brevity. They want to get to cleaning with Amy, 'cause she does it symmetrically on the left and the right side of the mouth. She does it symmetrically from the top to the bottom of the mouth. Yo, prosperity in line. Prosperity divine. Big-up Yosemite Park some other time. Get out the firestone. Nobody knew how the brimstone could explode from the Yellowstone. Yellow 'cause nobody knew what them words was of the ocean wrapped, of them ocean parts. Have to go season the ocean in the dark. Yo, in the cavern, that's how we gon do. We going scenic. Yo, we got this ultra-modern society that tries to tell people that they should be a different sex or a different gender and just have sex with whatever's there, even if it's a cat, or a dog, or just another person that... And just fuck, yeah, d- just sex anything you want. Uh, just be a, a total blabbering, uh, rapist, basically. What the fuck? Yo, this world has gone crazy. Ultra-modern has gone rapist, full-blown Northwestern. I got a longhorn on my head for anybody that wants to get, yo, touchy, unless you a doctor and touching my balls 'cause you want me to cough there. You don't fucking do shit, man. If the lady on the train try to grab my balls, I'm just saying that it's... I'm e- in this... I, I'm from the Southwest, man. I'm just trying to say, um, be forewarned. I, I'm a straight-out tourist longhorn. Yo, born. Yo, L Born. Born to kill, born to rhyme, born to squeal, born to stay trill. Born of a... Yo, born to be me and while I'm spitting the ghetto rap. The only way to get it, you have to get high to get the firepower back. Get the battleship stone and float on the top. Maybe they have to give the goat superdiver to the bottom of that. Say the Earth is flat.Mother duckers talk way too much trash. Talking that trash, they do all the time. Why they actually can't get their shits in rhyme, shits in line, because they didn't have no time, because they had way too much ... They had too much trash, they had to go clean up fast. That's why we're going to go back to the lab, go back to the lab, and get all the cash with you. That's what we'll be about to do. We think there might be a drought gon' come up. We think there gonna be a drought gon' come up. We gotta count all the grass right up, count all the grass right up. These giraffes are coming right up, yo, to eat all the green leaves off them trees, straight up. African breeze, delicacies. Peaceful breeze, peaceful trees, peaceful trees. Yeah. And we might like it like that. When I was playing the guitar, I was feeling like Slash and Guns N' Roses on top of the stage, wiling out for days and days and days. Yeah. In front of a white church, I was playing Guns N' Roses songs for, yo, I could surpass anyone who tried to last me. I could outpass anybody who tried to outclass me, easily. I had the best tunes for days, weeks, and years, bitch. Yeah. And I got the straight-up crazy, white-black top hat. No, mother can't rap. You can't see me and if you did, you need a microscope only because you're looking in the wrong direction, man. You're looking in the wrong direction. You're looking in the wrong direction. Yo, we have to go wid. I have to go what? You have to go which. You mean wid. No, if I said "with", I would say "with", but I said "wid" because we got to get this shit twist. You want to hear every word spoken perfectly? We have to get these weeds twisted. We're going to twist these fucking weeds and I don't care if, when you breathe it in, you get a shift. Okay? Because it will be a good cliff jumper when we have to go get these sounds out the thumper. Out in the straight drift, we feel an uplift like the wind that lift fully like a wisp, wisp, wisp. Yo, I'm not ever pissed anymore. I just done delist the pissed-off just anymore. If I ever get pissed off or feel broke or poor, I just deli- delist those feelings from the exchange anymore. That way they just drop the fuck off and drop their values down to zero. Nobody trying to hold on to some coin you can't even buy or sell, no. Yo, like dogs though, like they did in the fucking, bitch... Four-head- Four-head bitch. Four-head homo. The blind stares of a million pairs of eyes looking hard, but won't realize that they will never see the P. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Let me take you back to California. Yo. Welcome to the news. I'm your Sam Russell News Anchor. I'm here to inform you about a new behavior that we done seen all over California. Done immediately, there's a new aura that's coming down the street. Hell, yeah, there's this new dude on the block, his name is Tupac. You know he's about to fucking pop. Because when he do, he roll up, he rolled up in a red dress, he show up. He's ready, booty dancing, ass showing, Nicki dancing. Yo, he got his titty on and yeah, and he's dressed for ballerina. He's ready to go and see, but people wanna see the real Tupac, the real thug man. "Watch this dude dance. That ain't the real Pac." Yeah, I was just playing with you, just talking shit. My bad, I was just having a little fun, man. Here comes the real Tupac. Here comes the real man. Here comes the real thug. Here comes him with his thuggery. Except he's already shrugged and shit when he comes down. He don't look as that tall, he look like he's drugged out. He's shrugged out. He's coming in down to Madison Square Garden with all the lights and everybody screaming and the lights strobing and the lights strobing, people throbbing, hearts throbbing, and all the dudes in glamor and gold, people standing around him and try to panhandle and ramble them. Yo, they're off their guard and then they can't stand him, but they pay him, oh, so much money. They just gotta go and run with him, go and get the two buns with him, go and try to have fun with him. But now tonight he's gotta get in there, he's really gotta get in the fucking ring and fight for real. We never thought Tupac was trained to kill. Yeah, he tricked a lot of people, but his words ...But we, I was his ballerina teacher and I helped him out. There's a lot of things I can't tell to anybody because it's confidentiality, confidentiality, confidentiality. Just thinking like that. Dude's not trying to tear you down. Yo, ballerinas is a win-win situation. Ballerina is not he wins and you loses. It's not a win-lose game. It's a win-win-win game. So the fact that he went from ballerina win, win, win, win, win. Everybody wins, even if somebody got the bends, even if somebody driving in a Benz, even if somebody got a bend, even if somebody got to bend to get the rhymes on the right track. If you gotta be in a movie, if you gotta bend like that in the Benz, in the Benz, like, "Beware, no time to prepare." Yo, dude's got his shit straight in the dude's mouth. Want to take that comp- com- computer out now. Yo, we try to get it down on the down low, download what I meant with the GoPro. Yo, how we gonna show what we don't know? Motherfuckers act smart, but they just a ho. And now we got the chalk on the blackboard, writing shit up, that shit is that forward. People want to act fear, but they focus, too. And now they looking at me like I'm growing out the buns, tooBrainwaves, brainwaves, brain boostingly. Brain, brain, brain, dig it up, brains. We, brains, we trainin'. We trainin' the brain in a whole new ways and levels. Get ourselves rectangular, build our brains in whole new functions. Makin' it up in a whole new conjunction. I got the brand new runway. I'm building out a whole new channel and runways. Yo, subways in my brain to transport all the money from my left head to my right head. I gotta get a whole new runways instead. I gotta get whole new trains of underwear, underground rail stations, like at the subway stations made by nations that have 500 miles per hour underground trains to blast through underneath the oceans. Going underneath the ocean. They got one from England that go over to the, the other part of Europe, like Spain. They travel underneath the ocean for like 200 miles, going 500 fucking miles an hour under the water. This shit is straight, uh, way, way deeper than any crocodile. Any piece, any piece, any piece can be. Yo, any peeps, any peeps, any peep that be talkin' like thugs, showin' me a mug. Dude is thug. That was true, but that was only after he, yo, he went through the dude was lovin' them dudes when he was growin' up, man. J- it's okay to be homo and gay at the same time. He's straight thug. We know you the gayest thug in a rug. We know you bedbug, we know you bedbug. Bedbug thug on a rug, that's hug. Bedbug thug in a rug, that's hug. Bedbug thug in a rug, that's hug. That's huge hugs. Don't get struck, caught in a huckleberry twin that fucks. Fuck with a bucks, fuck with a duck. Fuck with a yuck shit. Yo, a duck shit, you don't need nose to know where he goes. You just need to know what kind of mud he gon' fuck with. You can't float around in duck shit. You gonna have to watch out for some thug shit. Dude is straight thug wild, askin' me if he's, what I'm tryna go to the diner with him and get some sausage. I'm like, "Bro, I'm just in the steam room. What the fuck do you need soon? I don't need it." He straight up tricked me. "Yo, I need to get home, call my whole team now." That shit, the, the sausage, the diner was too extreme now. Yo, I'm callin' up 911, I'm fuckin' triggered. I'm callin' all my party plan people. We 'bout to get this shit and we 'bout to get this dude creamed. And I don't mean like a wet dream. We gonna get this shit fuckin' steamed out. The dude had got a ma- fuckin' mask so he won't scream out loud, 'cause I got a laser beam in, on his mouth. Yo, we gonna have to go back to the 19th dimension and dig up that bag of gold and XRP that we forgot to bring with us. We had forgot f- 20 million XRPs in that other dimension, bro. Just tell that motherfucker to send the motherfuckin' money. Honey. Honey. Oh, honey. Honey. Honey. Oh. Honey. Honey. Honey. Oh. Honey. Honey. Honey. Oh. Why don't you give them money? So we can be ............................ They got dummies upstairs and dummies outside. Feed that honey. They want the zombies that's comin'. We got the bumblebees runnin'. We got the steamboat, we got the steamroller. Yo, microphone holder. Yo, I don't wanna be the singular, multiple, yo, bowler. They get strikes every time I roll the ball down gently, slowly, 365 degrees on a vector, on an extracurricular level. Yo, I like to get on the steamboat and get on this rollercoaster, land holder. Yo, hold it down like a soldier. Fuck what the teacher sold ya. Now we gonna do some real shit, boy. Y'all motherfuckers come wide. Why you try to annoy? Don't try to implore the same fuckin' attacks that I, tactics that I am practically do and use. Now we gonna destroy by using the tactics that the cowboy done do. Um, nobody knew that the cowboys was actually Black back in the day and white too, but that was the, uh, the ranger that has the mask on. It's 'cause he was actually a Black dude that, uh... I don't remember, I don't know shit about cowboys, let me be honest with you. Let me be honest, though, I gotta be a newsboy, yo, 'cause I'm a news captain king on it. I got the mic in my hand, I'ma sing on it. Get real with it. Go catch them fish and kill lionfish. The motherfuckin' fish is just a bitch. Hell yeah, you know how we go on escargot. We got that real fuckin' nice ocean rap that we do scuba dive and raps all the way and all the day. Every day, we going to scube even diver. I need to go even gonna see, we're going to go to our boat tomorrow, we going down to see it. We time to go and grip the scuba. Yo, we want to see the ship wreck, the ship wreck in Cuba. We want to deep and deep and deep and down and scuba. Yo, we hit 80 and 100 feet today. Scuba way more tasty. You gotta have the big tank with 80 cubits per foot, mother, yard, 80 cubits per foot, and the tank is like 60% larger than the other tank. You can last 60% longer, at least. Maybe even longer, 'cause you have longer, you have more money to spend, which means you don't even have to spend the money. It means you can be cheap for longer, so you can rip off the 60% and turn it into 100%. That's right, because the, the tank gives you more to use, so you can use it. You can be stingy with it, you can spend... Yo, we goin' real with it, goin' down to the bottom of the hookah bar. Yo, gonna see how far we go 'til we find this ship wreck, yo.We need to find the gold titties. Need to find the monies on the bottom of the ocean titties. We going down tomorrow, going down tonight. Going down tonight. Yeah, going down scuba dive. Going deep and for the CDI, uh, looking for the gold, gold titty this time. I can see a sign, I can see a sign. It's a sign, I got the whole sign. Amy flashed her flashlight and saw a glimmer off the gold statue, titty statue, golden titty woman guide and golden statue. Holy shit, this shit is for real though. Good thing we brought the fucking fan so we can fan all the sand 'cause this shit is fucking jacked the fuck that we only see its... The one titty you got right here and it's arm coming out. We ain't digging this shit up fucking 120 feet deep. Are you kidding me? You got no fucking work down here, boy. Fucking get me a fan, bitch. And she has two, two. We blazing the sand through. Blowing the sand, uh, which she does is she's got three fans and she's hitting at the floor hard, and I have a different fan and I'm shooting all the sand that she blows up far away from us. That's how we do with us. We have to blow the sand up and then blow a different fan to blow that sand the fuck away, which creates a lot of... A lot of motion, a lot of dust, a lot of bust. A lot of bust. Yo, barracuda, yo, barracuda make a move or... Yo, heavy weight. Yo, straight up. Don't sleep on it, don't creep on it. Yo, we gonna leap on it, leapfrog. Yo, they let it leap. Yo, XRP. Yo, the Judge Janus, Aquinas, Plotinus. We go back in the days to chill with Marcus Aurelius and Pythagoreus who's making theorem. I have to dig up my, my taste so I can see them, because them motherfuckers talk too much in a language I distrust 'cause they talking in Greek and such, and I don't know how to speak that shit 'cause I'm a time traveler. A straight time traveler, that mean, don't mean that I understand you, what the fuck you saying. I came all this way without calculating that I would need to learn this damn language so that we can chill. We just done smoked us a joint. That is some real shit that we do, but now I don't understand you. You trying to say some shit and we never even said hello, yo. That's some retarded shit though. I'm glad this is time traveling and not dating, yo. That'd be some dumb shit. That's how they done did. That's how they built the world, a h- house out of kids. Yo, trying to build the sand on a bridge, trying to make outs and shit out some sticks, yo. Wow. I need to know how sleek to make for my hair. I'm putting in, I'm putting in all types of sheep, sheep hair. I'm making the, my hair. Yo, my hair is so nice right now. It makes people go to sleep slowly somehow. Yo, it- it's... My, my hair- Man, fuck my hair. I ain't talking about your fucking hair. This beat makes people think and talk about dumb shit like hair. This beat thinks of dumb shit like hair. This is a freaking hair beat. Dude's gay as shit. Hell yeah, hell yeah, hell yeah. Hell yeah, hell yeah, hell yeah, hell yeah, hell yeah. How we gonna get that gear? How we gonna go and get that gear? How we gonna go get that way? How we gonna go far away? How we gonna go and get that gear? How we gonna go and get that gear? How we going to get far away? How we gonna go far away? How we gonna get that gear? How we gonna get that gear, gear? How we gonna get that gear? How we gonna sway? How we gonna go away? Hide away. Castaway. Yeah. I'm saying that we climbed the motherfucking Grande Canyon, motherfucker. Yeah, without no hairspray, bitch. Yeah. Coming through with the saute, flipping up fishes. We out here making the delicious dishes. You wouldn't even see it if you portrayed the delicious sauce on the sushi. If you knew me, you'd be like, "Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah." But you know y'all way, way, way, way away. All the golden coins. All the golden coins that me and Amy found at the bottom of the joint of the ocean. Found that goldie titty. We had to use the giant nifty super spraddle, yo. We used up all of our Adderall to get up the giant fans and run it for two hours. We did multiple trips down and blew shit loads of sand out. Now it's a giant statue. This shit is fucking heavy as fuck, dude. Me and Amy figured out that $2,000 an ounce, and one pound is 16 ounce. That's $32,000 a pound, which don't really sound like a lot of money until you add it up with 10 pounds. Now you're talking $320,000 for 10 pounds. I'm telling you, the statue's at least 100 motherfucking pounds, at least. At least. It might be more fucking, 1,000 pounds, yo. That would be $320 million... That'd be $32 million coming with it that we found at the bottom of the sun piece, gold piece. Go and figure. Yo, they handing out the Oscars, which is really, yo, the go- trying to be the golden dick of Osiris because when he got caught up and killed, his wife, Isis, chopped him up into 14 pieces and threw him all around in different areas of the world because she thought that she could put him back together and bring him back to life. But she could only fi- find 13 pieces. She couldn't find his dick. She couldn't find his dick. That's why in DC and in London and the Vatican, they got that giant dick right there, and at the Oscars, they're giving out a giant golden dick right there. Yo, and in the story of the Horus or Cyrus.... the Egyptian, the fake trinity of, you know, the pharaoh and his fake kingdom. And you know ... Hold up. Ho- ho- hold. Where we goin' with it? Yo. Chill, chill, chill, dog. Chill, dog. Yo, is that why they got bird heads and bird dogs and bird heads under walls and stairs and pyramids while they building up shit in the middle of the sandbed? Maybe it's a magnet, maybe it's a powerhouse, maybe it's a strong house, maybe it's a place where they just come to get faced. Yo. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yo, I got off track, I got off track. I was supposed to just lay back and sit back and be like, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I was supposed to just chill like that. I was supposed to just lay yon back. I was supposed to just, yeah, yeah, yeah. I was supposed to just, yeah, yeah, yeah. I was supposed to not lay down pack. I was supposed to just chill like that. I was supposed to just, yeah, yeah, yeah. I was supposed to just, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yo, I'm basketballin' them like Al Pierce, Al Pierce, Al Pierce. I can bounce so many years, so many years, got so many years. I'm facin' my years with bull like a bear slash my fears out of the way. Hell yeah, bitch. Yo, I'm slashing my fears like a black bear. Get outta my way, bitch. I'm the Three Musketeers on the range, trick. Yo, I'm wildin' out like a volunteer, bitch. Profiteerin', moneymakin', hand shakin'. People talkin' too much, time for a racketeerman, puppet master. We don't know what they tryna get us with they Sega blaster system. But we know they tryna get us like Galactica. That's why we gonna fight back when the whole of these new different sets of actors that we gotta hire, now we become new guns for hire. They disappear and reappear again. People tryna throw spears again. Fuck that, we got Justin Bieber on our side. If they try to gear up, we'll fire tear gas on their side. We got the premier equipment this time. If they try to go downstairs, we'll have a meeting in mine. They ain't tryna do it like that. They ain't tryna be the wonder cat, wonder cat. Wonderful. I didn't know the scientific explanation of how wonderful they could be. I remember when I was younger, I was a little youngster and motherfuckers were tryna smoke dungster outside my bedroom window. That's why I keep the shit stopped, shut. But motherfucker, my brother, little bastard brother, fucking opens the window and they're smoking busta outside and all the fucking, I'm a little youngster at the time. And all the giant cloud smoke automatically, like in a fucking comic book or a fucking video, the green hand smoke crept up the window and all the smog smoke went in my nose. And wouldn't you know, yo, I was under a giant slumber until the giant green smoke came into my nose and I was outnumbered. I came into light, but I fell down, I jumped up, out, I jumped out of bed like water jumped out of a pipe to a plumber. I was fucking hyped as shit, no wonder. Yo, I was outside living large in the night, tryna fight back with the dudes doing outta sight. And you can't even... Tryna fight it, tryna address the fucking smoke, they smile. Yo, momma like a songbird on the songster. Give me the microphone and I might just start singing to it. Songbird, songster. Yo, I'ma stun it easy, not a stunna breezy. When I get home, we gonna flipped on a different live station. Let's listen to Drip Nation. Tell us how rich we'll be next bull fucking run when XRP is worth 500 fi- 5- 50,000 bucks. Okay. That would be retarded. That would be ridiculous in a good way, uh, invited. Yeah. We need to make some songs about fucking XRP being hot as shit. I ain't mad. I ain't mad at ya. I ain't even mad at ya. I ain't mad, I ain't goin' to snag. I ain't mad, I ain't had, I ain't mad, any bad. It was bad, it was bad, my bad. Fuck it, I ain't mad no mo'. I ain't mad, I ain't mad, I ain't mad. Fuck it, shit was bad, for sure. I was sad, I am sad, I am sad, my bad. Let me add on. Yo, that was one of the dumb... I was super max wack at the time. I was super mack, super mack wack. I'm sorry. It was like I took a m- my brain took a nap when I got sucked in, my head got knapsacked and I got a Chihuahua jumped into my headsack and started barking all the slag, spitting out sparkles, spitting for days, trying to GPT tap, but in dog language. I don't know if this shit makes any spell, expression in Spanglish. Yo, I h- have to move to a whole new place because when I went back to Madagascar, it didn't feel the same anymore, I'd come too far as a broadcaster. Yo, it was a natural disaster going on for days and years in America, the attackter, s- making up the whole fucking COVID mix 19 in Ashburn, Virginia, AOL headquarters, the quarter master. Yo, make a, watch out for my temper. Yo, we have to, have to make up the money chamber. Yo, you have to get up the password with 15 words, turn it into 225 words that's way more safer. You just have to remember the words in every s- specific order, just like a postmaster. I'm running it hard like a hamster on a wheel, on a p- roll tracker. You can't stop me. I'm like a giant fish angler. Angle it, write that...... angle when we fight back, with words. Tried to scramble the situation with Amber Heard. She's trying to start, spark some anger and anchor it into people at home. I'm not trying to be involved with their dumb shit. I don't listen to fucking Johnny Depp and his fucking kids. The fuck do I gotta do with them dramas in the fucking courthouse? Ain't about that right now. Alexander Graham Bell and Lambert rolled up a whole standards, not digged up new systems and got the whole new telecom positions with the new, yo, radio transmissions all entered and set up. They got the suspensions all set up before September. That way they got the money back to the banker. I'm chilling with my nigga Chandler. Hell yeah, like Will Smith said, Bel-Air. Yo, we gonna have to go find some there. We gonna... Looking for a smallish, dullish. Yo, we trying to find a building, building to go and demolish. Yo, straight up journalist outside waving his fucking pink dick 'cause he only eats pink shrimp for dinner. It made his penis straight pinker than ever. Now he's a socialist, straight fascist on the television with the giant flamingo dick. I shouldn't have said he was a realist, paleontologist. Yo, get up as Indiana Jones. Just let me rest in my bones. Let me rest on my stones. I'm my Indiana Jones, just got back home from where babe own, yeah. Honey, I just came home. I was all alone. I was gone for like three months and it just, it was terrible, baby. I was gone. I didn't do nothing. I was in a jail cell, baby. Indiana Jones in a jail cell, baby. The only way for me to come back is like Machiavelli. Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. Nah, nah, nah. Uh, Indiana Jones, Indiana Jones. Hell yeah, mommy, I just came home. I been at work for like three solid months. I was... Don't worry I was stoned. I was laid up on a... Yo, I was laid in jail cell for about 100 days, laid up, uh, straight on stone. It was whack. I got my water and food to eat and I mentally built back and got outta there. And, honey, I'm back. Yo, it's time for me to just rest my stones. I need to rest my bones. Yeah. Mommy, let me lit down. Yo, you didn't see the movie right now. That's not how it really went down. You should hear the real shit. Why don't you sit down. Yo, here it comes, here it comes. I got mad songs, mad songs, mad songs. Here it comes, here it comes, here it comes. I got mad songs, mad songs, mad songs. Yo, emotions. We break it in threes, two compulsions. We turn it from brown to gold. We make the calculations from new to old. Other people is chilling with Athena in Athens, so we making it to a theme. We making, uh, making tax-free, deferred, infrared transcription. We champions. We are due, we will win no matter what the other fuck happenings. That's how we roll it. That's how we gonna get this blunt to explode with the smoke with it. Yo, the smoke came right through my mirror window and snatched, I got my license. Yo, my licenses... I caught my licenses smoking weed when I got home. They made no sense. But I was like, "Yo, uh, what the fuck are you doing, man?" It's of no significance with the license, told me back at the time, 'cause it's straight nonsense. Why would I explain some non-existence, concurrent conversation that made no apparent, distinct, significant fucking understanding, man? You gotta have... You gotta be... Make a full sentence in time. Full sentence in li- rhyme. Most full sentence in hi-. Yo, well, there's no place to hide. We going for a cannonball. Yo, cannonball, cannonball. Who the odd ball? Yo, who the odd ball? Sam Rose, Russell, Rosenthal. Sam Russell Blumenthal. I'm on the basketball field like y'all know who. I'ma punch y'all back like y'all know who. I'm real back. Yo, soft always. Try to throw me a softball days and I'll knock it out the court. One, one volleyball later, one eyeball later. Basketball don't talk back, mon later. Straight greaseball it. Uh, Catskill, keeping it real. In New York we have to climb. Yo, the sequoia trees, they are the best kind. You don't see them often, often, like the seabirds on the ocean. It could be a blackbird, it could've been a Spielberg. I don't think so. It was certainly not a hummingbird. Them fuckers don't swim over the ocean. Hummingbirds need to eat. They need to eat the honey to keep the shit clean. Honey birds and honey bees and bumblebees and all the motherfuckers in the trees gotta eat on the regular. Only you might see a blackbird flying over the ocean, not a snowbird, Lindenberg. Yo, what the fuck is happening in Virginia and Harrisonburg? Is where I went to school one time I smashed into a giant fucking building that I was about... I was renting an apartment from and got the lease and I rented an 18-wheeler. And I was rolling and I had to make a sh-... I didn't have to, but I made a fucking sharp right-hand turn. I forgot it's an 18-wheeler and hit the whole building and shook the building and pieces of the bill-... Uh, truck fell off. Yo, yo, but I tried to shrug it right off. I just jumped out of the far truck and these two dudes that were working there sort of like, "Hey, can we help you, sir? Welcome, we're gonna-" Get back in your fucking cars! Get in your car! And I, I picked up the side of the fucking building that fell off. I picked up the side of the building that fell off, girl. Yo, I've picked up the side of the truck that fell off. I picked up the side of the building that done fall off.I'm just keeping it low and keeping it chill. I'm keeping the whole meal. Some people go, we have to peel the fruit till they get the taste of the passion meal. We have to... I mean, I... could you keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it please. There's no way that I can keep it. You could be a bass, be the case. I'm gonna put this, all this inside. And make it nice and cold. We got the 40s, they're cold. They're cold as ice, they're cold as thin ice. They're cold as thin ice. We gonna keep this rice. We finna keep it right. We're gonna make it nice and cold so we can relax. Nice and chill. Yeah, we can... I know, baby, it's not too chill. Not to be that froze like that. Uh, I think we're, we're gonna put... Oh, did you fix me up? I'm gonna... Should I, should I put the, uh... Should I make this, put the windows up outside? Because they're, yeah, they're not closed. Here's another famous, like Tupac, I never even listened to Tupac, which is like good for me to rap on his beats, but who is another famous person that's everybody likes, that's like obvious, like.. Obvious what? Hmm. Another rapper that's, that's just kind of universally loved. They're, they have such a huge following of very intense fans. Mm, good. I'm hungry. Hmm. No dinner. This should be good for me to have here. Let's see. Do we have salmon? Like, we had it. I, I, I ate a whole slab. It was good. I'm gonna make some eggs. All right. Might as well have another gum. I have to keep my brain- You want some eggs? Yes, babe, please. Of course. Who's another rapper that everybody likes besides Tupac? That we grew up with. I'm gonna need to put bread there and turn that on. You can move those wires away. All right, baby. Can you think of one? I don't know some of... Oh, hold on, I think I just thought of one. Oh. Okay. Now, I was, I was trying to rap to Prince, dude. I was trying to, I was really trying to get into it but it's, I couldn't... Maybe, let me type, uh... Oh, hell yeah. This is like exactly what I was looking for, right here. Shit load of fun. See if I can find it. I don't even know if we did this. Yeah. Scuba wi- scuba diving raps again and again and again. Scuba diving raps. From beginning to end of the day. As soon as the sun come up, gently. No skydiving, just surprise yourself with a beautiful smile on your face every day you wake up and go. Swim with the fishes, chill with the winds, and let it blow in your face and you get slowly tanned and golden, your scan, skin is so golden. And eat the delicious food at Foodie. I would like to order me the Capresini and also, that's my water cup for water tasting. It's not, that little cup right there is my coffee cup. That's what it is, has to be, was not, it was. But now I'm grown up and now I drink sparkling water. When I was 10 years old I never thought I would like shrimp and the dude cutting my hair, "Someday you'll like girls. Someday you'll like shrimp too." That's what the fuck he told me. I was like, "I'll never like shrimp." I was like, "Maybe I'll like girls, but not shrimp." And he's like, "You will like both of them." And he was like trying to piss me off, this dude that was cutting my hair. He was like, I think, yeah, he was trying to like piss me off. And I knew he was, so I was like, "Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm not gonna keep fighting with you about" ... but you can show up when I'm 35 years old and be like, "So, I told you you'd like shrimp, right?" And I'd get, be like, "Dude, no." And because of you I grew my hair out so long, I never got a haircut again. That's why I'm such a long haired 50 friend. Tippy, my friend. Tippy the ways when.The, the gazed lens. They made the benders gend, uh, the benders blend. The benders, the fenders blend. They tried to make the genders bend, back and forth and forth and back. Up and down and front and back. Respond and react, the whole new type of mental combat that they deal and go with, with the wifi, wireless fidelity. They trying to be better than 4G and 3G. They trying to do something new with the music and the new kite city. I'm going to get fresh paste. Sammy wants to get new tomato paste from Van den Tweel. I'm like, "For real?" She's like, "I need it for my eggs that I'm making tonight this time. I need my ketchup tonight." She needs her ketchup tonight. Amy would never eat any food without her ketchup, that's right. And she needs her plastic too. That's how we roll through. We, unless we got ketchup and plastic, we ain't even happy, period. Oh, this is a whole different fucking vibe. I don't know if I have the mental strength to hit this one off the well. I'll do my best. Yeah. Hellafied vib- vibration. We out here in the Caribbean-ass nation where the, where the fucking pirates used to come through with all the gold pieces that they robbed from the fucking English crew when they fucking held, ho- holding it down in rum, in the cr- they'd be hiding it and coming over here and slamming the bitches and hitting it up and throwing it down and partying with whiskey and rum and reggae now, right about now. Funk soul brother, Black Beard brother, hon- ho- making money undercover on the underground. He got two or three or four boats going gangster now. They going to go and rob and shoot up a whole another boat, cousin. Going to grab the gold muskets, get them to stop and surrender, get all their money and plunder and then throw the bitches over. Throw them over the side of the boat. Nobody need to ash they throat. We didn't have to slit they throat. We left this on top of they boat and now we got the, all the gold. They gave us their muskets and s- now they sold out. No, nobody's walking around. There ain't no fuck in the future. There ain't no computer, fucking cameras watching right now. They, the fucking bastards fucking kick them on the side of the ocean. Uh, somebody bubbling. Talked, talked to them, forming a new bubble there. You need to quiet right now and whine. You don't need to rap out loud that much this time. We need to ride the beat. It's on top of the beat. Amy, just, we need to make the... Sure. Amy, make the windows closer, baby. What are you doing? I'm trying. What do you mean? I think you put the t- I think you put the... Yeah, I mean, where did you put the freaking... Where did you put the freaking screws in? Look, there's a screw in here. Oh. You need to lower your voice because he has an Airbnb. You're being loud. I cannot sleep. I'm not very loud. You are loud. No, I'm not. And you are allowing me- Amy, I'm not. I wasn't. You slept for two hours. You're loud when you're asleep. No, you s- and people go to sleep. The rit- it's a, it's a rhythm. People just go to sleep. It's... Look, just be respectful of other people's rules. Amy, I, Amy, I am respecting the rules. Follow the rules. Amy, follow the rules, Amy. Oh, my God. To get extraordinary results you have to also go beyond the rules, because people who just follow the rules, they have an ordinary life. And that's for rules, not for players that play the champion spots. Oh, I don't know. Other players play. Hey, I'm not sp- working at the same place for 30 years and waiting if it all pans out. I got to do it differently. Have to get in the boat and be in them sea and go on out to the ocean at nighttime. Have to go bump and grind with the white and black eels and the green ones too. The white one I thought was a snake, but it was really just a peaceful Rudy's eel at the bottom of the junction. Amy knew how to butt up the interruption, but now she making up the taste. She got the... You want the bread? You want bread? Get some out of the fridge. Yo, yo. She got the golden goose egg. She got the goddamn ice. She gotta make them taste and trying to do it right. She got the vodka and the tonic. I found like a great stash of M19s on the second floor. Hopefully, I don't know. It says there's 550. You sent a note to get the bread? It... Yeah, 'cause you said you wanted food after I already goes, started toasting my bread. Just be careful with the packages. Um, I don't know. You have to plug it back in to turn it on. Yeah. Yo. Stick a pill up your ass. Get a fucking vitamin and get it in fast. You know how the dogs work. We doing our homework. We scuba dive before we get paid to squirt. Now we going to have to make a movie. Get off the fucking chair with the cutie. Amy wanna get the fucking tastes. That's why we flipping necklaces over places throughout the internet. Go get up the Connect and get to rec. That's a bright, build a fireball. That's tonight.... and acts up he, not the fault. But, yo, the whole shit's a fucking scamble. We knew it was the money ball like the movie plays, the movie days. Back in the days we used to go, like, to watch a movie but then it all, shit went straight right down. The movies became worse and worse over time until they became nothing now. We haven't seen a movie in the theater in over 10 years. Uh, it's been a super long time but, but they haven't made anything tasty to go see it, so we now gonna have to go and get a poster of a new movie 'cause we never done seen one. Yo, find a fine wine shine. Yo, we go and find shine wine and climb behind. We got move it to the top of the cu- finest design. Yo, we need to get... And he wanted to get a pile of shit, make it shine and shit. She wants to see the finer shit, the finest bits. She wants to get the taste, cousin, get the case, get the juice of raisin. Get the fucking buzz in. Uh. Regulators. Yeah? We regulate any stealing of this property. We're damn good too. But you can't be any geek off the street. Gotta be handy with the steel, if you know what I mean. Earn your keep. Regulators, mount up! It wasn't- More so, having to walk to school every day so it could be super cold outside. I was only 11 years. Let's walk, not ride, in a yellow bus. Had to wall up, had to walk suit up. Dad would come in my room every day with the water gun and count five. I'd close my eyes and tell him, "Hell no." I'd be like, "Please Dad, so it don't show." He'd be like, "I'll give you one more time and now I'ma count down till you get splashed, uh." Jumping up, it's super cold, it's super dark, it's super 1995, not even '95, it's 1990. Back then we only had candles. You had to know how to grow old super fast 'cause you, if you went to school people would know. Can you turn the toaster up? It's not plugged in. Turn it like, um, 70%. Mm. Damn thing got busted. That's all right. Yeah. Yo. This goes out... To all you busters and you MTs, busters and you clusters and you busters and you frog seeds. Busters and you busters and you buses and you frog fish. Busters and you buses and you buses and you fog pit. And you missed it, miscuit. Go and get your dog biscuits and sausages and your t- prestiges. Go and get your new vegetables. Uh. Yeah. Yeah. I'll get a fresh beat 'cause this one is kind of, kind of fucked up. Because of the beginning. Drop, drop, drop. And yeah. Let it stop. Don't let it stop. Hell yeah, hell yeah. Hey there, you get the gist? This is taking by our sponsors. Remember to hit the Like and Subscribe button below. All right, guys. We got to get you in the gas. Or fucking hits it. Don't hit this shit. I don't fucking care. Fucking just listen to the music. Don't hit the fucking button, it's gay. You know what I'm saying? Don't hit the fucking gay button. In fact, you better get your... I got news for all of you who try to hit the thumbs up button. I'ma hunt you down. I'm gonna send my android clone robots. Tell them to not come home until they get you and pick you up and put you into the white van. Bring you back into your w- I'm making toasteses, making with the mosteses that I got, but I'm not boasting it. Giving thanks, which for the home that I get. Homelessness was not a visi- I'm making toast and when it makes noise and I'm not sure if I'm doing it right. Oh. The batteries does not need to be anywhere near... Just keep your eye on it. I am keeping an eye on it, am I not? I'm watching it. Yeah. Toast and wraps, toast and raps when I feel like a cook I need. Give it some more. Give it some more. Give it some more. Sit back for the in-laws and I have to give you some more when I come hard on the, the cooking floor. I can feel the heat that it, it begin to emanate. Give it some more. Give it some more. Give it some more. Begin to eliminate thoughts that were- Give it some more. ... only limiting. Give it some more. And instead begin to inject imagination that propel you to a whole new sky, nation, inside a new high vibe and wise minds. Make you stay, realize things that you had forgotten inside. And rediscover yourself and redesign. Rebuild up yourself and re-make it even mo hype, hyped up and maked up and bow up and load up and rode up and roll up and take a rem- build up.Gimme some more. Give me some more. Check out the door. I got it. Some more. You gotta go. There you go. You guys go. Just kick it to go. I don't even know. I don't know what the fuck are you talking about? I don't know what Coolio about. Motherfuckers think Coolio now, dude, what the fuck are you talking about? Busta Rhymes. You be jumping into bus. Busta, you got to be talking too much shit. You been getting all... Uh-huh. Flipmode. Flipmode? Flipmode. Oh. Yeah, I'm talking to them. Word up. Yeah, for real though. Uh. Yeah. Ah, shit, I just gotta need another minute and 10 seconds so I hit 100 minutes on my recording, then I can take a 20-minute break and let my brain fucking rest for fucking two minutes, man. Shit, I only got another, another 62 seconds left, then when I'll stop it on the 100-minute mark freestyle arrangement. Yo, people got too much. Yeah, whatever. I don't fucking know it anymore. I've been fucking freestyling for so long, my thou- my brain feels slow. I have to take a ch- fucking shit show, man. I need to eat some eggs and re-up my brain cells and rest them, like you working out the same muscle for 100 minutes. It's starting to feel pumped and ice and you want to run with it, but you need to let it relax and come right back. Rehydrate, get your electrolytes up and reunite. Come back with the XRP rhymes. Come back with the you know what type of Ripple re-rhymes. Ripple vibes. Ripple times. Ripple crypto this time. We going big boat titties and the gold tip rhymes. And we got 10 seconds this time. Then I hit 100 minutes, bitches second day live. Second day rapping and I'm back and I'm coming and...