Me and Amy and Sam, you know, we slam basketballs and words and verbs and pro... and words all around. Yo, we love it. We living our lives large and becoming invisible with camouflage 'cause we leave no electrical imprint without no Photoshop image. We don't let the computer map our face out. Y'all is selling out and trust me, you don't want that Apple Phone X in the first place, scanning your face for the first place. Hey, why would it wanna scan your face in the first time? How, uh, wh- why, w- how does that help you? How does that help you as an individual over the last 20 years, since 2000 and wa? Since 19, uh, 9/11 and wa? 9/11 and what? George Bush talking, killing Osama bin Laden and wa? Bin Ladin and was? They straight go on TV and lie to them boys. Straight telling 'em it was, uh, uh, Iraq and them bars. Yo, I'm from Texas and I talkalike that's some bars. Sometime we gotta go to some wars. Uh, a time to have some weapons and stuff. Yo, I'm from Texas and stuff. So, you know, when we, if they gotta be tough, you know, we call that, in Texas, I'll catch you at the corral and all that. Around, like, uh, in two weeks with the whole F-15 fleets. And, yo, the battleships and fuck the police. They just blowing shit up. They just popping up. They just popping it up. They just smashing shit up. Fuck the innocent people, them and too also. Because why? Because, uh, y'all smash your own buildings up in the first place to give the executive branch more legislative power and judiciary power to make the presidential role even more powerful than it was in the first place. With all these sub-government agencies deeply intertwined. Call it the deep state, call it what you want to. It's designed to make the presidency as much more powerful and pinpoint it into a position of one person, more like an emperor in a, within an empire. So that those powers to show the, giving up of the privacy and the sensitivity of people's purches- uh, visibility of their purchasing power. And also what they're doing and what their weekly hours. Going back in the preferences from their shopping to the pornographical looks lobbing. Yo, they're checking you out in every eyeing. Don't be lying. There's no room for that when they be constantly spying. Yo, I'm just reminding. I'm not even telling you, I'm not even whining. I'm just, people pivoting and deciding whether they wanna live that way or not. I'm about to turn all my phones back in and not. Yo, I go back, I get it beeper again. If you need to hit me up, care to fan me instead. So I'll get back, y'all, I'll get back to you later on. Don't even worry about it. Yo, and but it might take a couple days now 'cause that's how we do it again now. Y'all don't need to, just 'cause, you know, see how the cellphones take our freedom away. Now people can text you on the weekend. You have to hit 'em immediately or you look like a freak friend. Yo, th- th- that's bullshit. That's another invasion of space and privacy. Yo, throw 'em away. Go back to the n- old way. Make save the day. Make it the Earth, the best friend to space. It's time to get the can. It's time to get it. It's time to get up and grab the can whipping for existing... Uh, yeah, yeah. Time to get up and kick that... Adirondack.