(film reeling) There are many changes that we want in our life, be it from not wanting to curse any longer, lose weight for good, stop gambling, stop spending money so foolishly, love more, love much, much more, more love, more. Control anger. Control anger. Control anger. Control anger. Lose weight for good. Lose weight for good. Lose weight for good. Have more joy in our life. Have more joy in our life. Have freedom. Have freedom. Have freedom. Have freedom. Have freedom. Have freedom to be who we want to be. Have freedom to be who we want to be, and to obtain a powerful, obtain a powerful and great life. (laughs) Obtain a powerful and great life. Today you choose to stop running in circles. Your change is here and now. Now, now you stop feeding yourself unwan- unwanted habits. You've stopped that already. You've stopped feeding yourself unwanted happens, u- unwanted happens, and it doesn't work anymore. You are at the end of a round and rounds journey today. Today, you are at the end of a round and rounds journey today. Your attitude changes today. Your attitude changes today, changes today, now, now. You are no longer going to walk in circles day after day after day in the wilderness. You have a new attitude, a get-up-and-move direction. There is no time to wait any longer. There is no time to wait any longer. The new attitude is a get-up-and-move direction, and there is no time to wait any longer. Too much time has already gone by. What you have been through has not been a waste. It has made you a stronger and fearless person. It has made you a stronger and fearless person. What you have been through has not been a waste. You have no fear to stop this cycle and move on to full, a full life of joy, taste, peace, freedom to be the person you want to be, move out of the past and live into the future now, the future now. Your subconscious mind knows how to achieve joy, achieve joy in your life. Create thoughts, create thoughts of what you want possible in your life. Create what you want in your future. Create what you want in your future. Let go of your past, and build a new beginning for yourself. Choose whatever you want. Let go of your past, and build a new beginning for yourself. Choose whatever you want. You now have a freedom that you never experienced before, and you are in full control of your desires. You have full control of your desires. You now have a freedom that you have never experienced before, and you are in full control of your desires. (film reeling)