I know you have a conscious memory of what you have experienced and learned. But your unconscious mind has a much more complete record of everything that you have ever learned, noticed, sensed, feel, hear, taste, smell, listen, remember, imagine, see, experience, pay attention to, wonder, choose, let your ... let yourself does, and it feels so good. And I want to ask your unconscious mind to review all of that material, and it can do that much more quickly and completely than you could do it consciously. Review all of your learning and experiences. Scan all of them, scan all of them, and select only positive experiences, and feelings, and senses, notices, sounds, voices, textures, tastes, aromas. Remember, imagine, see, experience, pay attention to, wonder, choose to let yourself win and feel relaxed. Scan all of them and select only positive experiences and feelings. Review them. Review them. Review your senses, review anything you remember. Review your imagination, and review your see- sights and sounds. Scan all of them and select only the positive experiences and feelings. Review them and strengthen them. Strengthen them, and begin to make them available to you as your inner strength to cope with whatever you need to cope with now. And although you won't be aware of it, most of this consciously, it will be going on beneath the surface, just as your unconscious mind works on problems and continues to operate beneath your awareness most of the time. Perhaps you will be more aware of this, a small sample of it surfacing into your conscious awareness. Perhaps an experience, a positive experience, a positive experience that gives you a good feeling. It may be one that happened last week, last month, last year, or many years ago. But when you remember, when you remember the experience and you imagine wondering what it would be like to experience all the sensations of sights, sounds, smells, tastes, sensations, and notice how your unconscious experience sees and remembers and listens to the words that you were being told. And you can wonder whether you can let yourself pay very special and close attention to the old man with the wand, with the crystal ball. And you can remember, imagine seeing him, wondering whether to choose to let yourself to pay attention to all the unconscious words that you remember imagining him telling you all about the magical, magical white golden knight. The white knight that stands up against the dark and evil, and he protects the princess and the kingdom, and all the people in the lands. And perhaps you will be more aware of some of this, a small sample of it surfacing into your conscious awareness. Although you won't be aware of most of this consciously, I want you to review them, strengthen them, make them available to your inner strength to cope with whatever you need to cope with now. And although you won't be aware of this consciously, it will be going on beneath the surface, just as your unconscious mind works on problems and continues to operate beneath your awareness most of the time. Most of the time, perhaps you will be more aware of some of this, a small sample of it surfacing into your conscious awareness. Perhaps an experience, a positive experience that gives you a good feeling. Could have been last week, or last month, or last year, or many years ago. Eh, the thought of it makes you feel good about yourself. Then perhaps occasionally, a good feeling will surface, just a positive feeling, a feeling perhaps of being secure, confident, happy. Or perhaps this feeling may be unattached to any particular experience, just a good feeling that you can enjoy it again. A feeling of inner strength. You'll begin to feel much better about yourself, and you will have the inner strength it requires to pursue some positive strategies that we talked about. Where some of these may have been threatening before, now they will represent a challenge to you, and you will feel positive about taking a bit of risk in meeting this challenge and feeling good about it.