Everything that I tell you that is going to happen to you will happen exactly as I tell you. Everything that I tell you that is going to happen to you will happen exactly as I tell you. Everything that I tell you that is going to happen to you will happen exactly as I tell you. You are so deeply relaxed that all the suggestions that I'm going to give you will be firmly fixed in the unconscious part of your mind, so firmly fixed, so deeply embedded, that nothing will remove them. Everything that I tell you is going to happen to you, will happen exactly as I tell you. Everything that I tell you that is going to happen to you will happen to you exactly as I tell you. Nothing is holding you back any longer. Every barrier, every obstacle has been removed. You are completely free to develop all the vast potential within you to its fullest extent. Every feeling and every sensation that I tell you you are going to experience, you are going to experience just as I tell you. And these things will happen particularly when you sell. Everything that I tell you that is going to happen to you will happen exactly as I tell you. Everything that I tell you that is going to happen to you will happen exactly as I tell you. Everything that I tell you that is going to happen to you will happen exactly as I tell you. Nothing is holding you back any longer. Nothing is holding you back any longer. Nothing is holding you back any longer. Every barrier, every obstacle has been removed. You are completely free (laughs) to develop all the vast potential and rich potential within you to its fullest extent. Everything I tell you that is going to happen to you will happen exactly as I tell you. And as you proceed, the success of winning will be experienced as an infinitely richer and more rewarding than it has ever been before. Every feeling and every sensation that I tell you that you are going to experience, you are going to experience just as I tell you. And these things will happen particularly when you sell. Particularly when you sell. Sell, sell, sell, sell, sell, sell, sell, sell, sell, sell, sell, sell, sell, sell, sell. So, the entire project is really an experiment on human potentialities. Exercise experts have discovered that most people tend to underestimate how awesome their own capacities and abilities really are. There are really two major factors that allow you to do your very best when selling. Nothing is holding you back any longer. Every barrier, every obstacle has been removed. You are completely free to develop all of your vast potential within you to its fullest extent. The first, of course, is really wanting to sell well, and wanting to do well, and wanting to d- present well, and wanting to be prepared and present well, and do an excellent job and close. Present, prepare, present, and close. This is something with which you are already familiar. But the second one, which is even more important, is maybe something you do not know about. The success of winning will be experienced as an infinitely richer, as an infinitely richer, more rewarding than it has ever been before. Whereas, uh, the sting of an occasional setback you may still encounter will be so considerably diminished that you will scarcely notice it at all. The fact is that you realize in advance that ordinarily make you... The fact is, is that when you realize in advance that what things ordinarily make you think you have reached your limits, you'll be able, you'll be able to keep on going beyond the point... You will be able to keep on going beyond the point... You'll be able to keep on going beyond the point where you are beginning to experience them. You'll be able to keep on going, keep on going, and keep on going beyond the point, keep on going beyond the point. Nothing is holding you back any longer. Nothing is holding you back any longer. Nothing is holding you back any longer. Every barrier, every obstacle has been removed. The success of winning is infinitely richer now. Everything that I tell you that is going to happen to you will happen exactly as I tell you. Everything that I tell you that is going to happen to you will happen exactly as I tell you. The fact is, is that when you realize in advance what things ordinarily might, might make you think you have reached your limits, you will be able to keep on going beyond that point. You'll be able to keep on going beyond that point where you are be- uh, being... Most people use discomfort and fatigue as signs that they should stop what they were doing. They fail to realize that discomfort and fatigue... That discomfort and fatigue... That discomfort and fatigue are the only the first signs that they are approaching their maximum, ha, performance. They're really approaching their, "Aah! Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go."... maximum performance. It's time to go, go, go, go get it done. Go, go, go, go, go. Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go. The feeling, these un- uncomfortable feelings don't get be- worse. They get... And if you allow yourself to keep on going, you're able to start. The discomfort will disappear. The discomfort will diminish. Everything I tell you, y- you are going to happen to you. Everything that I tell you that is going to happen to you will happen to you exactly as I tell you. I am taking it for granted that you are here because you really, really want to be, and that you are really, really eager to explore your potentiality, and to do your utmost on these tasks. In that case, the importance of noticing each sign of discomfort or fatigue, and then using it as a stimulus to keep on going, keep on going, keep on going, and going, and going, and going, and going, and going, and going, and going, and going, and going, and you keep on going, and going, and going, and going, and going, and going. Then, you put it aside in your mind and concentrate on the selling itself, on the performance itself, on closing it now, on close to... Closing it itself, getting the check itself, uploading the video itself, finishing the call itself, on listening to the other person itself. It is terribly important to us in this experiment to find out, find out exactly how, how much you can do with these tasks. It is terribly important in this experiment to find out exactly how, how much you can do with these tasks. We have no idea how much you can do. It's a miracle. You're a miracle. You're the champ. You're the champ and you're a miracle. Fucking champ. (clapping) Fucking champ. Get your fucking hands up this motherfucker. He's a motherfucking champ out here. Fucking hell. Give it up to him, guys. Give it up to him. He's a motherfucking champ. Way to go, champ. Way to go, champ. (clapping) Just saying. Respect. The outcome of this experiment cannot be successful unless you cooperate by giving us your absolute maximum performance, maximum performance, maximum performance. This is not going to be easy, for it is going to take every ounce of concentration, every ounce of effort, and every ounce of willpower that you can muster. Every ounce of willpower, effort, and concentration that you muster, I want you to give it all, everything you've got. I want you to give it everything you've got, I want you to use your effort, concentration, willpower and feel the strain all through your body. And to use that strain, and to use that effort, use that strain and effort to make good advantage using every resource within you. Make this a total effort. Make this a total effort. Make this a total effort. You can make this a total effort. I want you to make this a total effort. As you sell for longer and longer periods of time, and as you sell for longer and longer periods of time, as you sell for longer and longer periods of time, you may experience certain symptoms. You may experience certain symptoms. You may experience a feeling of heaviness in your arms, you may experience breathlessness, a feeling of t- tightness in your legs, or a sensation in your chest, throat, or mouth. You'll probably develop a sense of fatigue after you've been selling for some time. You may get tired after selling for some time. As you start to experience any of these sensations, this will be a stimulus for you to sell even harder. This will be a stimulus for you to sell, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go even harder. Even harder. As a result of this, you will find that you are able to go on and actually sell through this experience. You find that you are able to go on and actually sell through this experience, so that you will become less aware of whatever discomfort you were experiencing. You will feel as though you could go on selling longer and longer periods of time. You will feel a greater desire to give a total effort. You will feel a greater desire to give a total effort. You'll feel a greater desire to give a total effort to use every bit of willpower that is ev- within you, to use every bit of willpower that is within you, to use every bit of willpower that is within you, to use every bit of willpower that is within you. You will actually run through your most... Y- you will actually sell through your most difficult period. And no matter how tired you start to become, this will act as a stimulus so that you can continue selling without becoming unduly stressed. You will actually sell through your most difficult period. And no matter how tired you start to become, this will act as a stimulus so that you can continue selling without becoming unduly distressed. As you concentrate on my voice, so that all things I am telling you, you will act on the you when the time comes for you to perform the exercise task. As you concentrate on my voice, so that all these things that I am telling you, you will act on you when the time comes f- for you to perform the exercise task... (paper rustling)