Currently, hypnosis in sports is mainly used to control the athlete's emotional experience. That is, to control anxiety levels, to regulate concentrational demands, to stimulate aggressive behavior when appropriate, to enhance motivation, to instill self-confidence and pride, and to inhibit any psychological factors that often serve to limit physical performances. The most f- most sport psychologists are very cautious in their use of hypnosis and agree that, one, hypnosis is not a performance cure-all, but a very useful tool. Two, hypnosis is only as good as the skill of the person using it. Three, the athlete is using hypnosis must be thoroughly trained. A few specific examples on how hypnosis is currently being used in athletic sec- settings follows. A, a performance team, volleyball, basketball, i- is hypnotized in a group setting and then asked to mentally visualize themselves a sales group, then they v- are asked to mentally visualize themselves executing precise motor skills. They are then presented a post-hypnotic suggestion... that they will be able to translate these visualizations into action. They will be able to translate these visualizations into action during the game or practice at the same level of expertise that they had visualized. Most crucial here is that during the visualization sessions, the athletes are instructed that while visualizing the various motor skills, there will be a commitment, a con-mittment physical experience in their bodies. This leads to strengthening of neural patterns through hypnotic mental imagery which reinforces neuromuscular coordination. This leads to strengthening of neural patterns through hypnotic mental imagery which reinforces neuromuscular coordination. This leads to strengthening of neuromuscular... This leads to strengthening of neural patterns through hypnotic imagery, through hypnotic mental imagery which reinforces neuromuscular coordination. B, when competing against one particular opponent, a young golfer feels stressful and c- consequently performs poorly. This happens over and over again against the same person, but not against other opponents. His belief of not being able to perform is reinforced, is reinforced every time this particular opponent is present. This is obviously an emotional problem and not a matter of poor technique. In this situation, hypnosis is used to influence the emotions and attitudes of the golfer and to focus attention on particular relevant cues to improve his golf game. A suggestion such as, "Block out the entire environment on each shot and concentrate on the rhythm of your swing," is a very g- very constructive in this situation. C, many athletes have great difficulty getting to sleep, especially the night before the important contest. Suggestion such as, "Block out the entire environment." No, no, no. Suggestions such as, "Relax, relaxed and calm." Suggestions such as, "Relaxed and calm, deeply relaxed and comfortable," and frequently used to facilitate relaxation and sleep. D, a gymnast is experiencing fear when attempting to per- when attempting a particularly difficult routine. She is told to visualize a happiness room in her mind. This is to be completely pleasant room, decorated to her taste. A happiness room is in her mind and to be completely pleasant room, decorated to her taste with money being no handicap. Anything that makes her happy is to be placed in the room. She is told to have a television in the room and to watch herself perform the difficult routine to perfection on the TV. Have her watch on the television and her watch, her perf- watch her perform the, the difficult routine to perfection on the TV. Then she has given a post-hypnotic suggestion that, "Relaxed and easy, relaxed and easy," as she initiates the difficult routine, "Relaxed and easy." In practice, "Relaxed and easy, relaxed and easy," as she practices the routine, "Practice, practice, practice, practice," and meet situations she is going, she is to visit her happiness room just prior to performing this routine. As was mentioned previously, it is in the area of mental attitude for athletics where hypnosis is most effective. It can be applied to specific situations and sports to reduce the feelings of pressure, tension, and anxiety. Suggestions which have been most useful for athletes, including muscles, are strong, relaxed and non-tight. One, "My muscles are strong, relaxed and non-tight." One, "My muscles are strong, relaxed and non-tight." Two, "You are in complete control of your environment." Two, "You are in complete control of your environment. You are in complete control of your environme- environment. Y- your muscles are strong, relaxed and non-tight. You are in complete control of your environment. You are like a coiled spring, powerful and strong. You are like a coiled up spring, powerful and strong. You are like a coiled spring, all ready to shoo, powerful, strong, ready to explode. Feel the sensations within your muscles. Feel the sensations of your muscles. Feel the sensations within your muscles. Focus on this skill and block out all other distractions. Muscles are strong, relaxed, and non-tight. You are in complete control of your environment. You are like a coiled spring, powerful and strong. You are like a coiled spring with all the energy, all the energy, all the explosions, all exploded, all pulled together in one tight spot, all pulled back, all pulled back together in one tight spot. Pull all the energy back, pull it all back, like a m- pull it all in. Pull everything back and squish it in here. I know it wants to go sc- 'cause everything involved is hard. Feel the sensations within your muscles. Feel the sensations within your muscles. Focus on this skill and block out all other distractions. Gain complete control of yourself. Gain complete control of yourself. Gain complete control of yourself. Gain complete control of yourself. Gain complete control of yourself. Gain complete control of yourself. Gain complete control of yourself."