Accessing Personal Genius is training being taught worldwide to empower people not only to d- run their own brain, but also take charge of the matrix of their minds, of all the frames and attitudes that they carry with them. In three days, you'll learn to manage your states, power up for new vitality and creativity, take an intentional stance for aligning your everyday attentions, feel more alive and congruent as you step into energy bubble for that laser beam focus power. Why is that important? Focus power is important if we want to experience a higher level of self-mastery over our own passions, visions, and values, so that we can get ourselves to do what we know we want to do. That's true mastery. As you close your own personal knowing/doing gap, you'll becoming more focused, more resilient, more passionate, more energetic, more optimistic, and more present in your work relationships, your health, your fitness, your vitality. You will be easier to live with, more productive and successful, and you'll find richer relationships and make way, way more funny and have more fun. So, much of what we have been focusing on in neurosemantics in recent years is summarized in focus power. That's because without focus to power fo- power to focus your attention and concentrates on what you'll be doing, there'll be- you would have been distracted, you would have been inwardly conflicted or ineffective. Without your strong and intense laser beam focus of attention, other people would either get bored, or unmotivated, or stressed out, or overloaded with too many other commitments that those people would have have had. Either way, they would have missed their mastery. Without focus, decisions would have been difficult. Engagement in an experience would have been challenging, because it's- you would have been somewhere else in that situation. However, focus power gives y- has been giving you an edge for moment to moments, day by day, week by week, month by month, year by year, decade by decade. It ex- has been accelerating your learning power, because when you are here, you are fully engaged with your memory and your comprehension has been improved. Focus power enables you to put yourself into your activities, your relationships, and your engagements. You are truly interested inside the essence of something, to exist on the inside of it when you're doing it. With focus power, we have the ability to translate what we know, what we've been engaged in, so closes the knowing go- knowing/doing gap. This makes us more congruent, more aligned. It chases away the old dragons that otherwise lurk in the back of other people's minds.