More specifically, the subjects were directed to visualize themselves performing the behavior, lifting the weights. More specifically, the subjects were directed to visualize themselves lifting weights, heavy weights at the gym, full body, over and over again. More specifically, the subjects were directed to visualize themselves performing the behavior of lifting many weights full time in the mirror, seeing themselves reflected in the mirror at the gym. The behavioral dimension and neural pattern facilitation were accomplished by a detailed description of the behavioral task, a detailed description of the behavioral task, a detailed description of the behavioral task encouraging only positive visualization on, encouraging only positive visualization, encouraging only positive visualization and performance, encouraging only positive visualization, encouraging only positive visualization and performance. The psychological dimensions, encouraging only a positive visualization and performance. The psychological dimension was practice through the standard cognitive restructuring process. The standard cognitive restructuring process. The psycholo- the physiological variable to make sure the appropriate arousal levels was developed through the use of the arousal scale in which specific events and physiological varia- variables such as perspiration, heartbeat were associated with the numbers on the scale. That is, on a scale of one to five, with one being the lowest arousal level and with one being the highest, the subjects first associated sleep with one, walking with two, their best performance with five. Their best performance is five. Five, five, five is your best performance is five. Until they were able to monitor and control their arousal level as five, they were given instructions to perform the monitoring of arousal during the real-life performances, as well as controlling of the other dimensions mentioned. Subjects were encouraged, subjects were encouraged via hypnotic imagery, subjects were encouraged via hypnotic imagery to experience sensory hallucinations, encouraged to experience sensory hallucinations and to facilitate physiological control with muscular growth. Muscular growth, physiological control, they were see- experiencing sensory hallucinations to facilitate physiological control associated with muscular growth. They were associated to visualize themselves settling easily in a comfortable location in which hot or moist towels were placed on their chest and arms. They were directed to feel a warm, warm swelling and pulsing sensation in these areas. They were also asked to visualize their body as a giant transport system in which all available blood is being sent to the chest and arms. Next, the subjects were told to see themselves sometime in the future with increases in muscular size in the chest and arms. The subjects were directed to visualize themselves proud and happy about the increases they had achieved. The subjects were directed to visualize themselves in the mirror at the gym. Let's see how proud and happy they see themselves about the increases they have achieved. Wow, look how big they are. Look at these increases. And to see others recognizing their muscular gains. Wow, people are really noticing, uh, how much changes there are. Look in the mirror and see the reflection as all the subjects were encouraged to practice the imagery techniques described above. Practice the imageries, experience sensory hallucinations, and see the reflection of all these much larger muscles, much, much leaner bodies with much more sculpted s- physiques. All subjects were encouraged to practice the imagery techniques described during the week.