A cognitive approach, athletic ap- performance with weight lifters. Athletic performance with weight lifters. This hypnotic training approach, adapted from the author's original article, 18- 1986, was found to produce successful results in a controlled experimental study. The authors used hypnotic relaxation and imagery techniques to facilitate and reinforce cognitive restructuring skills, to facilitate control of psy- physiological processes, and to enhance athletic performance. The self-directed behavioral change instruments was used with the athletes as an exercise to facilitate high cognitive control over other processes, and as an initial means of modifying self-concept. Subjects used this instrument to identify negative self-referring statements. The subjects were then directed to provide themselves with more rational alternatives. It was emphasized that the individual, not the environment, was responsible for his thoughts and emotions. Specific efforts were also made to identify negative ideation associated with subjects' athletic performance, concentrating on the amount of weight to be lifted, for example, rather than the process of lifting, worrying about what others might think is if they did it failed, so-called. A variety of negative cognitive sequences were presented to the athletes as a stimulus in helping them to pinpoint their own self-defeating ideas, ideations. The athletes were also encouraged to employ cognitive strategies in real-life settings in their everyday lives. After general discussions of hypnosis, the subjects were hypnotized and directed to experience the negative emotional states associated with the above identified situations, as well as identifying the negative, irrational cognitions. The therapist negatively reinforced this entire self-defeating sequence. This therapist negatively reinforced this entire self-defeating sequence. The therapist next directed the subject to focus on relaxing thoughts and then visualize the same sequence, visualizing himself engaging in more rational self-talk and experiencing more positive, effective phys- psychological and behavioral responses. This self-enhancing- This self-enhancing sequence was positively reinforced by the therapist. This self-enhancing- This self-enhancing sequence- This self-enhancing sequence was positively reinforced by the therapist. (clears throat) The above process was designed to facilitate the restructuring of negative, cognitive emotional responses to specific internally, externally dis- disturbing situations. The process was also designed to restructure the self-concept, negative self-referring statements. The hypnotic state was next utilized to enhance physiological processes associated with increased performance with rich hypnotic imagery. The hypnotic state was next utilized to enhanced physiological processes associated with increased performance using rich hypnotic imagery, increased- e- enhanced performance with enhanced imagery. More specifically, the subjects were directed to visualize themselves performing the behavior, lifting the weights over and over again while they're hypnotized. They were directed to practice several dimensions of hypnotic imagery. Go ahead and lift some more. Go ahead and lift. (clears throat) They were directed to practice several dimensions via hypnotic imagery. One, psychological elimination of negative ideation, increased focusing, elimination of distractions. Increased focusing, elimination of distractions. Increased focusing- dis- increased focusing, elimination of distractions. Increased focusing, elimination of distractions. Two, physi- psychological attaining proper arousal levels. Physiological, physically attaining the proper levels of arousal. Two, physi- the proper levels of arousal. Three, behavioral. Successful performance of lifted- eh, p- positive, behavioral, successful performance of lifting the weights all the way up. The behavioral dimension and neural pattern facilitation were accompanied by a detailed description of the behavioral task, encouraging only positive visualization and performance. A detailed description of the behavioral task, encouraging only positive visualization and performance.