Every one of the various parting gifts had labels written on personally by Bilbo, and several had some point or some joke. But, of course, most of the things were given where they should be wanted and welcome. The poorer hobbits, and especially those of Bagshot Road, did very well. Old Gaffer Gambee got two sacks of potatoes, a new spade, a woolen waistcoat, and a bottle of ointment for creaking joints. Old Rory Brandybuck, in return for such hospitality, got a dozen bottles of Old Vinyards, a strong red wine from the South Farthing, and now quite mature as it had been laid down by Bilbo's father. Rory quite forgave Bilbo and voted him as capital fellow after the first bottle. There was plenty of everything left for Frodo. And, of course, all the chief treasures, as well as the books, pictures, and more than enough furniture were left in his possession. There was, however, no sign or mention of money or jewelry. Not a penny piece or a glass bead was given away. Frodo had a very trying time that afternoon. A false rumor that the whole household was being disrupted... was being distributed free spread like wildfire. And before long, the place was packed with people who had no... who had no business there, but could be not kept out. Labels got torn off and mixed, and quarrels broke out. Some people tried to do swaps and deals in the hall, and others tried to make off with minor items not addressed to them, or with anything that seemed unwanted or unwatched. The road to the gate was blocked with barrows and handcarts. In the middle of the commotion was the Sackville-Bagginses had arrived. Frodo had retired for a while and left his friend, Merry Brandybuck, to keep an eye on things. When Othro loudly demanded to see Frodo, Merry bowed politely. "He is indisposed," he said. "He is resting." "Hiding, you mean," said Lobelia. "Anyway, we want to see him, and we mean to see him." "Just go and tell him so!" Merry left them a long while in the hall. Then they had time to discover their parting gift of spoons. It did not improve their tempers. Eventually, they were shown into the study. Frodo was sitting at a table with a lot of papers in front of him. He looked indisposed, to see Sackville-Bagginses at any rate. And he stood up, fidgeting with something in his pockets. But he spoke quite politely. The Sackville-Bagginses were rather offensive. They began by offering him bad bargain prices, as between friends, for various valuable and unlabeled items. When Frodo replied that only the things specially directed by Bilbo were being given away, they said the whole thing was poppycock. "Only one thing is clear to me," said Othro. "And that is that you will be doing exceedingly well out of it. I insist on seeing the will." Othro sh- had... would have been Bilbo's heir, but for the adoption of Frodo. He read the will carefully and snorted. It was unfortunately v- very clear and correct, according to the legal customs of hobbits, which demand, among other things, seven signatures of witnesses in red ink. "Foiled again," said his wife. "And after waiting 60 years. Spoons? Fiddlesticks." She snapped her fingers under Frodo's nose and stomped off But Lobelia was not so easily to get rid of. And a little later, Frodo came out of the study to see how things were going on and found him standing about the place, investigating nooks and corners, and tapping the floors. He escorted the family off the premise after he had relieved him of several of the small items, articles that had somehow fallen inside of his umbrella. Her... His... Their face had looked as if it was in the throws of out of ƒ. "You're... You'll live to regret it, young fellow. Why didn't you go too? You don't belong here. You're no Baggins. You... You're a Brandybuck." "Did you hear that, Merry? That was an insult, if you like," said Frodo as he shut the door on her. "It was a compliment," said Merry Brandybuck. "And so, of course, not true." Then they went round the hole and evicted three young hobbits, two Boffins and a Bolger, who were knocking holes on the walls of one of the cellars. Frodo also had a tussle with a young Sancho Proudfoot, old Otis Proudfoot's grandson, who had been... who had begun excavation of the larger pantry where he thought there was an echo. The legend of Bilbo's gold excited both curiosity and hope, for legendary gold, mysteriously obtained, if not positively ill-gotten, is, as everyone knows, anyone's for the finding, unless the search is interrupted. When he had overcome Sancho and pushed him out, Frodo collapsed on the chair in the hall. "It's time to close shop, Merry," he said. "Lock the door and don't open it to anyone today, not even if they bring a battering ram.Then he went to relieve himself with a belated cup of tea. He hardly sat down when there came a soft knock at the front door. Lobelia again, most likely, he thought. She must have something to say really nasty to have come back again to say it. "It can wait." He went on with his tea. The knock was repeated, much louder, but he took no notice. Suddenly, the wizard's head appeared at the window. "If you don't let me in, Frodo, I shall blow down the door right down on the head, throughout the hill," he said. "My dear Gandalf! Half a minute!" cried Frodo, running out of the room to the door. "Come in! Come in! I thought it was Lobelia." "Then I forgive you. But I saw her some time ago, driving a pony trap towards Bywater with a face that could have curled a new m- curdled new milk." "She had already curled, nearly curdled me. Honestly, I nearly tried on Bilbo's ring. I long to disappear." "Don't do that," said Gandalf, sitting down. "Don't, d- do you, uh, do be careful on that ring, Frodo. In fact, it is partly about that which is why I've come to say a last word." "Well, what about? What do you know already?" "Only what Bilbo told me. I have heard his story. How he found it, how he used it. On his journey, I mean. Which, which story, I wonder?" "Oh, not what he told me. The dwarves put it in his book," said Frodo. "He told me this- the true story soon after I came to live here. He said you had pres- pestered him till he told you, so I, I had better know, too." "'No secrets between us, Frodo,' he said. 'But they are not to go any further. It's mine anyway.'" "That's interesting, Gandalf. Well, what do you think of it all?" "If you mean inventing all that about the present? Well, I thought the, the true story much more likely. But I couldn't see the point of altering it at all. It was very unlike Bilbo to do so, anyway, and I thought it rather odd." "So did I, but odd things may happen to people that have such treasures, if they use them. Let it be a warning to you to be very careful with it. It may have other powers than just making you vanish when you wish to." "I don't understand," said Frodo. "Neither do I," answered the wizard. "I have merely begun to wonder about the ring, especially since last night. No need to worry, but if you like to take my advice, you will use it very seldom or not at all. At least, I beg you not to use it again in any way that will cause talk or rouse suspicion. I say again, keep it safe and keep it secret!" "You are very mysterious! What are you afraid of?" "I am not certain, so I will say no more. I may be able to tell you something when I come back. I am going off at once, so this is a goodbye for the present." He got up. "At once?" cried Frodo. "Well, I thought you were staying on for at least a week! I was looking forward to your help." "I did not mean to, but I changed my mind. I may be a while, I may be away for a good while, but I'll come to see you again as soon as I can. Expect me when you see me. I shall slip in quietly. I shan't have been visiting the Shire openly again. I find that I've become rather unpopular. They say I am a nuisance and a disruptor of the peace. Some people are actually accusing me of spiriting Bilbo away or even worse. If you want to know, there is supposed to be a plot between you and me to get ahold of his wealth." "Some people?" exclaimed Frodo. "You mean Otho and Lobelia! How abominable! I will give them the bag end and everything else if I could get Bilbo back and go off tramping in the country with him. I love the Shire, but I began to wish somehow that I had gone, too. I wonder if I shall ever see him again." "So do I," said Gandalf. "And I wonder many other things. Goodbye now. Take care of yourself. Look out for me, especially at unlikely times." "Goodbye." Frodo saw the door open. He gave his final wave of his hand, and he walked off at a surprising pace. But Frodo thought the old wizard looked unusually bent, almost if he was carrying a great weight. The evening was closing in, and his cloak, the cloaked figure quickly vanished into the twilight. Frodo did not see him again for a long time. Chapter 2: Shadow of the Past. The talk did not die down in nine or even 99 days. The second disappearance of Mr. Bilbo Baggins was discussed in Hobbiton, and indeed, all over the Shire, for a year and a day, and was remembered much longer than that. It had become a fireside story for young hobbits, and eventually, Mad Baggins, who used to vanish with a bang and a flash and reappear with bags of jewels and gold, became a favorite character of legend that lived long after all the true events were long forgotten. But in the meantime, the general opinion of the neighborhood was that Bilbo, who had always been rather cracked, had at last gone quite mad and had run off into the blue. There, he had undoubtedly fallen into a pool or a river and had come to a tragic, but hardly an untimely death. The blame was mostly laid on Gandalf."If only that dratted wizard will leave young Frodo alone, perhaps he'll settle down and grow some hobbit sense!" they said. And on the appearance that wizard did leave Frodo alone, and he did settle down, but the growth of the hobbit sense was not very noticeable. Indeed, he at once began to carry on Bilbo's reputation for oddity. He refused to go into mourning. The next year, he gave a party in honor of Bilbo's 120th birthday, which he called A Hundredweight Feast. But he was short on the mark. Just 20 guests were invited, and only, uh, several meals which had been snowed food and, uh, some rained drink, as hobbits say. Some people were rather shocked. But Frodo kept up the custom of giving Bilbo's birthday party year after year, until they got used to it. He said that he did not think Bilbo was dead. When they asked, "Where is he then?" he shrugged his shoulders. He lived alone, as Bilbo had done. But he had good many friends, especially the younger hobbits, mostly descendants of old Took, who had as many children... who had, as children, been fond of Bilbo, often in and out of Bag End. Folco Boffin and Fredegar Bolger were two of these. But his closest friends were Peregrin, Took called Pippin, and Merry Brandybuck. His real name was Meriadoc, but seldom remembered. Frodo went trapping over the Shire with him, but more often he wandered by himself. And to the amazement of the sensible folk, he was sometimes seen as far from home, walking in the hills and woods under the starlight. Merry and Pippin suspected that he had visited elves at times, as Bilbo had done. As time went on, people began to notice that Frodo had also showed signs of good preservation. Outwardly, he retained the appearance of a robust and energetic hobbit just out of his tweens. "Some folk have all the luck," they said. But it was not until Frodo approached the usually more sober age of 50 that they began to think it queer. Frodo himself, after the first shock, found that the fur... that being his own master and the Mr. Baggins of Bag End was rather pleasant. For some years, he was quite happy and did not much... did not worry much about the future. But half unknown to himself, the regret that he had not gone with Bilbo was steadily growing. He had found himself wondering at times, especially in the autumn, about the wild lands. The strange visions of mountains that he had never seen came to his dreams. He began to say to himself, "Perhaps I shall cross the river myself one day." To which the other half of his mind always replied, "Not yet, not yet." And so it went on, until his 40s were running out and his 50th birthday was drawing near. 50 was a number that he felt was somehow significant or ominous. It was, at any rate, at the age that adventure had suddenly befallen Bilbo. Frodo began to feel restless, and the old path seemed o- too well-trodden. He looked at maps and wondered what lay beyond their edges. Maps made in the Shire showed mostly white spaces beyond its borders He took to wandering further afield, and much more often by himself. And Merry and his other friends watched him anxiously. Often, he was seen walking and talking with the strange wayfarers that began at this time to appear in the Shire. There were rumors of strange things happening in the world outside. And as Gandalf had not had, at that time, appeared or sent any messages for several years, Frodo gathered all the news he could. Elves, whom, who seldom walked into the Shire, could now be seen passing westward through the woods in the evening, passing and not returning. But they, they were leaving Middle-earth and were no longer concerned with its troubles. They were, however, dwarves, on the road, in unusual numbers. The ancient East-West Road ran through the Shire to the ends of the Grey Havens, and the dwarves had always used it on their way to the mines in the Blue Mountains. They were the hobbits' chief source of the news from the distant parts of the world, had they wanted any. As a rule, dwarves say little, and h- and hobbits ask no more. But now Frodo often met strange dwarves of far countries seeking refuge in the west. They were troubled, and some spoke in l- whispers of the enemy and of the land of Mordor. That name, the hobbits only knew in legends of the dark past, like the shadow in the background of their memories, but it was an ominous and disquieting. It seemed that an evil power in Mirkwood had been driven out of the White Council, only to reappear in greater strength in the old stronghords- strongholds of Mordor. The Dark Tower had been rebuilt, it was said. From there, the power was spreading far and wide. And away, far east and south, there were wars and growing fear Orcs were multiplying again in the mountains. Trolls were abroad. No longer dull-witted, but cunning and armed with dreadful weapons. And there were murmured hints of creatures more terrible than all these, but they had no name. Little of all of this, of course, reached the ears of ordinary hobbits. But even the deafest and most safe at home began to hear queer, queer tales. And those whose business took them to the border saw strange thingsThe conversation in the Green Dragon at Bywater one evening in the spring of Frodo's 50th year showed that even the comfort- comfortable heart to the Shire rumors had been heard. Though most hobbits still laughed at them. Sam Gamgee was sitting in the corner near the fire. Opposite to him was Ted Sandyman, the miller's son, and there was a vari- various other rustic hobbits listening to their talk. Sam Gambgey- Sam Gamgee was sitting in the corner near the fire, and opposite to him was Ted Sandyman, the miller's son, and there were various other rustic hobbits listening to their talk. "Queer things you do hear these days, to be sure, Sam." "Ah," said Ted. "You do, if you listen. But I can hear fireside tales and children's stories at home if I want to." "No doubt you can," retorted Sam. "And I daresay there's more truth in some of them than you reckon. Who invented the stories anyway? Take dragons now." "No, think," said Ted. "I won't. I heard tell of them when I was a youngster, but there's no call that I believe in 'em now, and there's only one dragon in Bywater, and that's green," he said, getting out a natural laugh. "All right," said Sam, left laughing with the rest. "But what about these tree men, these giants, you might call them? They say that one bigger than a tree was seen up way beyond the North of Moors not long back." "Who's, who's they?" "Well, m- my cousin Hal, for one. He works for Mr. Boffin at Overhill, then he goes up to the Northfarthing for hunting. He saw one. Says he dids, perhaps, for Hal's always saying he's seen things, and perhaps he sees things that ain't there. But this one was as big as an elm tree, and walking, walking seven yards in a stride, as if it was an inch." "I bet it wasn't an inch. I bet he saw was an elm tree, l- as a- like it or not." "Yes, but this one was walking, I tell you, and there ain't no elm tree in the North of the Moors." "Then Hal can't have seen one," said Ted. There was some laughing and clapping. The audience seemed to think that Ted had scored a point. "All the same," said Sam, "you can't deny that the others besides our half-vest have, have seen... You can't deny that others besides our half-vest have seen queer folk crossing the Shire, crossing it, mind you. There are, there are more of them who turned back, said the borders. The boundaries have never been as busy as before. And I've heard tale that elves were moving west. They, they do say they're going to the harbors, out away beyond the White Towers." Sam waved his arm vaguely. Neither he nor any one of them knew how far was the sea past the old towers, beyond the west borders of the Shire. But it was an old tradition that away over there stood Grey Havens, which at times, 11 ships set to sail, never to return. "They're sailing, sailing, sailing over the sea. They're going to the West and leaving us," said Sam, half-chanting the words, shaking his head sadly and solemnly. But Ted laughed. "Well, that isn't anything new, if you believe old tales. I don't want to see, I don't see what it matters to me or you. Let them sail. But I warn, I haven't seen them doing it, or anyone else in the Shire." "Well, I don't know," said Sam thoughtfully. He believed he had once seen an elf in the woods, and still hoped to see more one day. Of all the legends that he had heard in his last, in his early years, a- as such fragments and tales of half-remembered stories about elves, as the hobbits do, had always moved him most deeply. "There are some, even in these parts, as I know the Fair Folk, and get news of them," he said. "There's Mr. Baggins now that I work for. He told me that they were sailing, and that he knows a bit about elves. And Old Bilbo knew more. Many's a talk I've had with them, and when I was a little lad." "Oh, they're both crack," said Ted. "Leastways, old Bilbo is cracked, and Frodo's cracking. If that's where you get your news from, you'll never want for moonshine. Well, friends, I must home. Well to your good health." He drank his mug and went outside noisily Sam sat silent and said no more. He had a good deal to think about. For one thing, there was a lot to do up in the Bag End garden, and he would be, have a very busy day tomorrow if the weather cleared. The grass was growing fast, but Sam had more on his mind than gardening. After a while, he sighed, and he got up and went. It was early April, and the sky was now clearing for heavy rain. The sun was down, and a cool p- and a cool, pale evening was quietly fading into night. He walked home under the early stars, through Hobbiton, and up the hill, wistfully, softly, and thoughtfully. It was just at this time that Gandalf reappeared after a, his long absence. For three years after the party, he had been away. Then he paid Frodo a brief visit, and after taking a good look at him, went off again. During the next year or two, he had turned up fairly often, coming unexpectedly after dusk and going off without warning before sunrise. He would not discuss his own business and journeys, and seemed chiefly interested in small news about Frodo's health and doings. Then suddenly, his visits ceased. It was over nine years since Frodo had last seen or heard of him, and he had begun to think that the wizard would never return, and he had given up all interest in hobbitsBut that evening, Sam was walking home in the twilight was fading. There came a once familiar tap on the study window . Frodo welcomed his old friend with a surprise and great delight. They looked hard at one another. "Ah, well, Gandalf!" "You look the same as ever, Frodo." "So do you," Frodo replied. But secretly, he thought that Gandalf looked older and more careworn. He pressed him for news on himself and on the wide world, and soon they were deep in talk, and they stayed up far into the night. The next morning, after a late breakfast, the wizard was sitting with Frodo by the open window of the study. A bright fire was on the hearth and the sun was warm and the wind was in the south. Everything looked fresh, and the new green of the spring was shimmering in the fields and on the tips of the s- tree's fingers. Gandalf was thinking of a spring nearly 80 years before when Bilbo had run out of Bag End without a handkerchief. His hair was perhaps whiter than it had been. His beard and eyebrows were perhaps longer. His face more lined with care and wisdom. His eyes were as bright as ever, and he smoked and blew smoke rings with the same vigor and delight. He was smoking now in silence, for Frodo was sitting still, deep in thought. Even in the light of the morning, he felt the dark shadow of the tidings that Gandalf had brought. At last, he broke the silence. "Last night, you began to tell me strange things about my ring, Gandalf, and then you stopped because you said that such matters are best left until daylight. Don't you think that you had better finish now? You say the ring is dangerous, far more dangerous than I guessed. Eh, what, in what way?" "In many ways," answered the wizard. "It is far more powerful than I never dared to think at first. So, so powerful that, in the end, it would be utterly overcome by any one of a mortal race who possessed it. It would possess them. An Aragon, long ago, many elven rings were made, magic rings as you call them. And they were, of course, of various kinds, some more potent and some less. The lesser rings were only essays in the craft before it was full-grown, and to the elven-smiths they were but trifles, yet still, to my mind, dangerous for mortals. But to the Great Rings, the Rings of Power, they were perilous. A mortal, Frodo, who keeps one of the Great Wings, does not die, but he does not grow or obtain more life. He merely continues until, at last, every minute is a weariness. And if he often uses the ring to make himself invisible, he f- f- fades. He becomes, in the end, invisible permanently. He walks into the twilight under the eye of the Dark Power that rules the Rings. Yes, sooner or later, later if he is strong or well-meaning to begin with, but neither strength nor good purpose will last. Sooner or later, the Dark Power will devour him." "That's terrifying," said Frodo. There was another long silence. The sound of Sam Gamgee cutting the lawn came from the garden. "How long have you known this?" asked Frodo at length. "And how much did Bilbo know?" "Bilbo knew more than he told you, I'm sure," said Gandalf. "He would, he would certainly never have passed on to you anything that he thought would be danger, even though I promised to look after you. He thought the ring was very beautiful and very useful at need, and if anything was wrong or queer, it was himself. He said that it was growing on his mind, and he was always worrying about it, and he did not suspect that the ring itself was to blame, though he found out that he, the thing needed looking after. It did not seem always of the same size or weight. It shrank or expanded in the odd way. You might suddenly flip off a finger if it had been too tight." "Yes, he had warned me of that in the last letter," said Frodo. "I've always kept it on its chain." "Very wise," said Gandalf. "But as for his long life, Bilbo never connected it with the ring at all. He took all the credit for that to himself, and he was very proud of it, though he was getting restless and u- uneasy. Thin and stretched, he had said. The sign of the ring was getting control." "How long, how long have you known all this?" asked Frodo again. "'Known'?" said Gandalf. "I have known a much that only the wise know, Frodo. If you mean 'known' about this ring, well, I still don't know, I might say. Uh, there is a last, there is a last test to make, but I no longer doubt my guess. When did I, when did I first begin to guess?" he mused, searching back at his memory. "Let me see. It was the year when the White Council drove the Dark Power from Mirkwood, just before the Battle of Five Armies, that Bilbo found a ring. A shadow fell on the heart, on my heart then, though it did not, though I did not know yet what I had feared. I often, I wondered often how Gollum came to the Great Ring, as plainly as it was. I wondered how often Gollum came by the Great Ring, as plainly as it was. That at least was, uh, clear from the first."Then I heard Bilbo's strange story of how he had won it, and I could not believe it. When I at last got the truth out of him, I saw at once that he had been trying to put his claim to the ring beyond a doubt, much like Gollum with his birthday present. The lies were too much alike for my discomfort. Clearly, the ring had an unwholesome power that set to work on its keeper at once. That was the first real warning I had that all was not well. I had told Bilbo often that such rings were better left unused, but he resented it, and soon got angry. There was little else I could do for him, and I could not take it away from him without doing greater harm. And I had no right to do so anyway. I could only watch and wait, but perhaps have consulted Saruman the White. But something always held me back. "Who is he?" asked Frodo. "I've never heard of him before." "Maybe not," answered Gandalf. "Hobbits are, or were, of no concern of his, yet he is among the wise. He is the chief of my order, and the head of the council. His knowledge is deep, but his pride... his pride has grown with it, and he takes ill any meddling. The lure of the elven rings, great and small, is his province. He has long studied it, seeking the lost secrets of their making." But when the rings were debated in the council, all that he would reveal to us of his Ring-lore told against my fears. So my doubts slept, but uneasily. Still, I watched and I waited. And all seemed well with Bilbo. And the years passed. Yes, they passed, and they seemed not to touch him. He showed no signs of age. The shadow fell on me again, and I say to myself, "After... after all he comes of the long-lived family on his mother's side, there is time yet. Wait." And I waited, until the night when he left his house. He said and did things that then filled me with a fear that no words of Saruman could allay. I knew that the last... I knew at last that something dark and deadly was at work, and I've spent most of my years since then finding out the truth of it. "There wasn't any permanent harm done, was there?" asked Frodo anxiously. "He could get all right in time, wouldn't he? Be able to rest in peace, I mean?" "He felt better at once," said Gandalf, "but there is only one power in this world that knows all about the rings and their effect... their effects, and as far as I know, there is no power in the world that knows all about hobbits. Among the wise, I am the only good one that goes for a hobbit lore, an obscure branch of knowledge, but full of surprises. Soft as butter they can be, and yet sometimes as tough as old tree roots. I think it is likely that some would resist the rings far longer than most of the wise could believe. I don't think you need worry about Mr. Bilbo. Of course, he possessed the ring for many years and used it, so it might take a long while the influence to wear off before it was safe for him to see it again, for instance. Otherwise, he might live on for years quite happily, just stop as he... as... just stop as he was when he parted with it, for he gave it up in the end on his own accord, an important point. No, I was not troubled to hear about dear Bilbo anymore. Once he had let go, it was for you that I now feel responsible. Ever since Bilbo left, I have been deeply concerned about you and all these charming, absurd, helpless hobbits. It would be grievous blow to our world if the Dark Power overcame the Shire, if all your kind, jolly, stupid Bulgers, Hornblowers, Boffins, Bracegirdles, and all the rest, not to mention the ridiculous Bagginses, became enslaved. Frodo shuddered. "But why would that be?" he asked. "And why should we want such slaves?" "To tell you the truth," replied Gandalf, "I believe that hereto... hi- hi- hitherto, though? Hi- hitherto, mark you, mark you, he has entirely overlooked the existence of hobbits. You should be thankful. But your safety has passed. He does not need you. He has many more useful servants, but he won't forget you again. The hobbits as miserable slaves would please him far more than hobbits happy and free. There is such a thing as malice and revenge." "Revenge?" said Frodo. "Revenge for what? I still don't understand what all this has to do with Bilbo and myself and our ring." "It has everything to do with it," said Gandalf. "You do not know the real pearl yet, but you shall. I was not sure of it when I... myself when I was here last. But the time has come to speak. Give me the ring for a moment." Frodo took it from his breeches pocket, where it was clasped to a chain that hung from his belt. He unfastened it, and handed it slowly to the wizard. It felt suddenly very heavy, as if either it or Frodo himself was in some way reluctant for Gandalf to touch it. Gandalf held it up. He looked into it to make sure it was solid gold. "Can you see any markings on it?" "No," said Frodo. "There are none. It is quite plain, and it never shows a scratch or a sign of wear." "Well, then, look!" To Frodo's astonishment, and dis- and distress of the wizard...... suddenly threw it into the middle of the glowing fire in the corner. Frodo gave a cry and groped for the thongs, but Gandalf held him back. 'Wait!' he said in a commanding voice, giving Frodo a quick look from under his bustling brows. No apartment change came over the ring. No apparent change, I'm sorry. No apparent change came over the ring. After a while, Gandalf got up, closed the shutters outside the window, and drew the curtains. The room became dark and silent. Through the clack of Sam's cheers, now near through the windows, could be still- could be heard faintly from the garden. For a moment, the wizard stood looking at the fire. Then he stooped and removed the ring from the hearth with thongs. And once he picked it up, Frodo gasped. 'It is quite cool,' said Gandalf. 'Take it!' Frodo received it on his shrinking palm, and it seemed to have become thicker and heavier than ever. 'Hold it up,' said Gandalf, 'and look closely.' As Frodo did so, he now saw fine lines, finer than the finest pen strokes, running along the ring. Outside and inside, lines of fire that seemed to form letters of the following script, of the flowing script. They shone piercingly bright, and yet remote, as out- as if out of a great depth. 'I cannot read the fiery letters,' said Frodo in a qua- wavering voice. 'No,' said Gandalf, 'but I can. The letters are Elvish and of an ancient mode, but the language is that of Mordor, which I cannot utter here. But this is, in the common tongue, is what it is said close enough. One ring to rule them all. One ring to find them. One ring to bring them all. And in the darkness, bind them. It is only two lines of a verse, long known in elven lore. Three rings for the elven kings under the sky. Seven for the dwarf lords in their halls of stone. Nine for mortal men doomed to die. One for the dark lord on his dark throne. In the land of Mordor, where shadows lie, one ring to rule them all, one ring to find them, one ring to bring them all, and in the darkness bind them. In the land of Mordor, where dar- shadows lie.' He paused, and then said slowly, in a deep voice, 'This is the master ring. The one ring to rule them all. This, this is the one ring that he lost many ages ago to the great awakening, to the great weakening of his power. He greatly desires it, but he must not get it.' Frodo sat silent and motionless. Fear seemed to stretch out a vast hand, like a dark cloud rising in the east and looming up to engulf him. 'This ring,' he stammered. 'How on Earth did it come to me?' 'Ah,' said Gandalf. 'That is a very long story. The beginnings lie back in the black years, which only the loremasters now remember. If I were to tell you all that tale, we would be sitting here when the spring passed into winter. But last night, I told you of Saruman the Great, the Dark Lord. The rumors that you have heard are true. He has indeed risen again, and left his hold in Mirkwood, and returned to the forest fastness in the dark tower of Mordor. That name even you hobbits have heard of, like a shadow in the borders of old stories. After, always after a defeat and a respite- resp- , the shadow takes another shape and grows again.' 'I wish it need not have happened in my time,' said Frodo. 'So do I,' said Gandalf. 'And so do all who live to see such times. But that is not for them to decide. All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given to us. And already, Frodo, our time is beginning to look black. The enemy is fast becoming very strong. His plans are far from ripe, I think, but they are ripening. We shall be hard put to it. We should be very hard put to it, even if it were not for this dreadful chance. The enemy still lacks one thing to give him strength and knowledge to beat down all resistance, break all the last defenses, and cover all the lands in a second darkness. He lacks the one ring. The three, fairest of all, the elf-lords hid from him, and his hand never touched them or sullied them. Seven, the dwarf-kings possessed, but three, he has recovered, and the others, the dragons have consumed. Nine, he gave to the mortal men, proud and great, and so ensnared them. Long ago, they fell under the dominion of the one, and they became ringwraiths, shadows under his great shadow, his most terrible servants long ago. It is many a year since the nine walked abroad. Yet, who knows? As the shadow grows once more, they too may walk again. But come, we will not speak of such things, even in the morning of the Shire.'"...so it is now. The Nine he has gathered to himself. The Seven also, or else they be -- they're destroyed. The Three are hidden still, but that no longer troubles him. He only needs the One, for he made the ring himself. It is his. And he let a great part of his own former power pass into it, so that he could rule all the others." "If he recovers it," "then he will command them all again, wherever they may be, even the Three, and all that will have been wrought with him will be laid bare, and he will be stronger than ever. And this is a dreadful chance, Frodo. He believed that the One had perished and the elves had destroyed it, as should have been done. But he knows now that it has not perished, but that it has been found. So he is seeking it, seeking it, and all his, uh, his thought, his thought is bent on it. It is why our great hope is our great fear." "Why isn't it, wasn't it destroyed?" cried Frido, cried Frodo. "And how did our enemy come to lose it, if he was so strong, and it was so precious to him?" He clutched the ring in his hand as if he already saw dark fingers stretching out to seize it. "It was taken from him," said Gandalf. "The strength of the elves to resist him was greater long ago. And not all men were estranged from them. The Men of Westernese came to their aid. And it is a chapter of ancient history which might be good to recall, for there was sorrow then, too, a gathering dark, but great valor, great deeds that were not wholly vain. One day perhaps I will tell you all the tale, or you shall hear it told in full by only the one who knows it best. But for the moment, since most of us, since most of all you need to know is this thing came to you, and that will be tale enough, this is what I will say. It was Gil, it was Gil-galad, Elvenking of Elendil, of the West range, who s- overthrew Sauron, m- though they themselves perished in the deed. And Isildur, Elendil's son, cut the ring from Sauron's hand, and took it for his own. Then Sauron was vanquished, and his spirit fled, and it was hidden for long years, until his shadow took shape again in the Mirkwood. But the ring was lost. It fell into the Great River Anduin, and vanished. For Isildur was marching north along the east banks of the river, near Gladdenfields. It was wayland of the orcs of the mountains, and almost all of his folk were slain. He leaped to the waters, but the ring slipped from his finger as he swam then, and the orcs saw him, and killed him with arrows." Gandalf paused. "And there were dark pools amid Gladdenfields," he said. "The ring passed out of knowledge, of legend, and even so much of its history is known now only to a few. The Council of the Wise could discover no more. But at last I can carry on the story, I think. Long after, but still very long ago, there lived by the banks of the Great River on the edge of the Wilderland a clever-handed, quiet-footed Little People. I guess they were of hobbit-kind, akin to the fathers of the s- fathers of the Stoors, for they loved the river, and often swam in it, or made little boats of reeds. There was among them family of high repute, for it was a large and wealth, uh, for it was large and wealthier than most, and it was ruled by a grandmother of the folk, stern-wise in the old lords, such as they had. The most inquisitive and curious-minded of that family was called Sméagol Sméagol was interested in roots and beginnings. He dived in the deep pools, he burrowed under trees and growing plants, he tunneled into the green mounds. And he ceased to look up at the hilltops, or the leaves on trees, or the flowers opening in air. His head, his eyes were downward. He had a friend called Déagol, of sort, a similar sort, sharper-eyed, but not so quick and strong. On time they took to boat and went down the Gladdenfields, uh, where they went out in the water, great beds of the iris and the flowering reeds. There Sméagol got out and went nosing in the banks, but Déagol sat in the boat and fished. Suddenly, a gr- a great fish took his hook, and before he knew where he was, he was dragged out and down into the water and to the bottom. Then he let go of his line, for he thought he saw something shining in the riverbed, and holding his breath he grabbed at it. Then he came up spluttering, with weeds in his hair and a handful of mud, and he swam to the bank. And behold, when he washed the mud away, there in his hand lay a beautiful golden ring, and it had shone and glittered in the sun, so that his heart was glad. But Sméagol had been watching from the tree, and then, d- and all gloated over the ring. Sméagol became, s- be- came softly up from behind. 'Give us that, Déagol, my love,' said Sméagol over his friend's shoulder. 'Why?' said Déagol. 'Because it's my birthday, my love, and I wants it,' said Sméagol. 'I don't care,' said Déagol. 'I have given you a present already, more than I could afford. I have found this and I'm going to keep it.' 'Oh, are you indeed, my love?' said Sméagol. And he caught Déagol by the throat and strangled him, because the gold looked bright and beautiful."... Then he put the ring on his finger. No one ever found out what had become of Déagol, but he was murdered far from home and his body was cunningly hidden. But Sméagol returned home, and he found that none of his family could see him when he was wearing the ring. He was very pleased with his discovery, and he concealed it, and he used it to find out secrets, and he put his knowledge to crooked and malice uses. He became sharp-eyed and keen-eared for all that was hurtful. The ring had given him power according to his stature. He was, it was not to be wondered at that he became very unpopular and was shunned, when visible, by all of his relations. They kicked him, and he bit at their feet. He took to their thieving. He took to thieving and going out muttering to himself and gurgling in his throat. So they called him Gollum, and cursed him, and told him to go far away, and that his grandmother, desiring peace, expelled him from the family and turned, turned him out of her hole." "He wandered in loneliness, weeping a little for all the hardness of the world, and he journeyed up to the river, till he came to the stream that flowed down the mountains, and he went that way. He caught fish in deep pools with invisible fingers and ate them raw. One day, it was very hot and he was bending over a pool. He felt a burning on the back of his head, and dazzling light from the water pained his eyes wet. He wondered at it, and he had almost forgotten about the sun. Then, for the last time, he looked up and shook his fist at her. But he, as he lowered his eyes, he saw far ahead the tops of the Misty Mountains out of which the steam came. He thought suddenly, and he thought suddenly, 'It would be cool and shady under those mountains. The sun could not catch me there. The roots of those mountains must be the roots indeed, and there must be great successes, secrets buried there which have not been discovered since the beginning. The sun could not m- could not watch me there. Hmm, the sun could not watch me there. The roots of those mountains must be the roots, must be roots indeed. There must be great secrets buried there which have not been discovered since the beginning.' So he journeyed by night up to the highlands where he found a little cave, out of the darkness the stream ran, and he wormed his way like a maggot into the heart of the hills, and vanished out of all knowledge. The ring went into the shadows with him, and even the maker, when the power he had begun to grow again, could learn nothing of it. "Gollum?" cried Follum, cr- cried Fo- Frodo. "Gollum? You mean that this is the very Gollum creature that Bilbo met? How loathsome! "I think it is a sad story," said the wizard. "And it might have happened to others, even some hobbits that I have known. I can't belie-, I can't believe that Gollum is connected with the hobbits, however distantly," Frodo said with some heat. "What an abominable notion! "That's true, all the same," replied Gandalf, "about their origins. At any rate, I know more than hobbits do about themselves. And even Bilbo's story suggested kinship. There was a great deal in the background of their minds and memories that was very similar. They understood one another remarkably well, very much better than a hobbit would understand, say, a dwarf, an orc, or even an elf. Think of the riddles they both knew, for one thing. "Yes," said Frodo. "Though other folks besides hobbits ask riddles, and much of the same sort, and hobbits don't cheat. Gollum meant to cheat all the time. He was just trying to poor Bil- was just trying to put poor Bilbo off his guard. I dare say it amused his wickedness to start a game which might end in providing him with an easy victim. But if he would lost, he would not hurt him. "Only too true, I fear," said Gandalf. "But there was something else in it, I think, which you wouldn't see yet. Even Gollum was not wholly ruined. He had proved tougher than any one of the wise would have guessed, as a hobbit might. There was a little corner of his mind that was still his own. A light came through it, as through a chink in the dark, a light out of the past. It was actually pleasant, I think, to hear a kindly voice again bringing up memories of the wind and the trees and the sun and the grass, such forgotten things. But that, of course, would only make the evil part of him angrier in the end, unless it could be conquered, unless it could be cured." Gandalf sighed. "Alas, there is little hope for him. Yet do not hope. Yet not no hope. No, no. Not through the, not, uh, no. Not though he possessed the ring of so long, almost all far back as he could remember, for it was long since he had worn it as much, and in the black darkness, it was seldom needed. Certainly, he had never faded. He is thin and tough still, but the thing was eating his mind. Of course, the torments had become almost unbearable. All of the great secrets under the mountains had turned out to be just empty night. There was nothing more to find out, nothing worth doing, only nasty fervative, eating and resentful remembering. He was altogether wretched. He hated the dark. He hated the light more. He hated everything, and the ring most of all. "What do you mean?" asked, said Frodo. "Surely the ring was his precious and the only thing he cared for. But if he hated it, why didn't he get rid of it or go away and leave it?"You ought to begin to understand, Frodo. After all, you have heard," said Gandalf. "He hated it and loved it, as he hated and loved himself. He could not get rid of it. He had no will left in the matter. A Ring of Power looks after itself, Frodo. It may slip off treacherously, but it- its keeper never abandons it. At most, he plays with the idea of handing it on someone else's care, but that only in the early stage when it's first, when it first begins to grip. But as far as I know, Bilbo alone in history has gone beyond playing. He really did it. He needed all my help too, and even with s- and even, uh, and even so, he would have never have given, he never would have, uh... It was Gollum, Frodo, but the ring itself decided things. The ring left him." "What? Just in time to meet Bilbo?" said Frodo. "Wouldn't an orc have been better-suited?" "It's no laughing matter," said Gandalf. "Not for you. It was the strangest event in the whole history of the ring so far. Bilbo's arrival, just at that time, and putting his hand on it, blindly, in the dark. There was more than one power at work, Frodo. The ring was trying to get back to its master. It had slipped from Isildur's hands and betrayed him. Then, when a chance came, it caught poor Déagol, and he was murdered. And after that, Gollum had devoured him. It could make no further use of him. He was, uh, it was too small and mean, and as long as it stayed with him, he would never leave hi- the Deep Pool again. So now, when its master was awake once more, and sending out his dark thought from the Mirkwood, it abandoned Gollum, only to be picked up by the most unlikely person imaginable, Bilbo from the Shire. Behind that, there was something else at work. Beyond my design of the ring, beyond any design of the ring-maker. I can put it no plainer than by saying that Bilbo was meant to find the ring, and not by its maker. In which case, you were also meant to have it. And that may be an encouraging thought." "It is not," said Frodo. "Though I am not sure that I understand you. But how have you learned all about this ring and all about Gollum? Do you really know, do you really know it all, or are you just guessing still?" Gandalf looked at Frodo. His eyes glinted. "I knew much, and I have learned much. But I'm not going to give you an account of all my doings to you. The history of Elendil and Isildur and the One Ring is known to all the wise. Your ring is shown to be that one ring by the fire writing alone, apart from any other evidence." "And just when did you discover that?" said Frodo, interrupting. "Just now in this room, of course," answered the wizard, sharply. "But I expected to find it, and I have come back from the dark journeys and the long search to make that final test. It is the last proof that all is now, uh, that is all now only too clear. Making out Gollum's part and fitting it into the gap of history required some thought. I may have started with guesses about Gollum, but I'm not guessing now. I know. I have seen him." "You've seen Gollum?" exclaimed Frodo in amazement. "Yes. The obvious thing to do, of course, if one could. I tried long ago, but I've managed it at last." "Then what happened to Bilbo after he escaped him? Do you know that?" "Not so clearly. What I have told you is what Gollum was willing to tell, though not, of course, in the way that I reported. Gollum is a liar, so you have to sift his words. For instance, he called the ring his birthday present, and he stuck to that. He said that it came from his grandmother, who had lots of beautiful things of that kind. A ridiculous story. I have no doubt that Sméagol's grandmother was a matriarch, a great person in her way, but to talk of her possessing many elven rings was absurd. And as far as for him giving them away, that was a lie, but a lie with a grain of truth. The murderer, the murder of Déagol haunted Gollum, and he had made up a defense, repeating it to his precious over and over again that he was gnawed, that, as he gnawed his bones in the dark until he almost believed it. It was his birthday. Déagol ought to have given the ring to him. It had obviously turned up just to be a present. It was his birthday present. And so on and on. I endured him as long as I could, but the truth was desperately important, and in the end, I had to be harsh. I had to put the fear of fire in him, and to wrung the story out of him, bit by bit, together with much sniveling and snarling. He thought he was misunderstood and ill-used, but when he had had heard the last, or when he had heard the history as far as the end of the riddle game and Bilbo's escape, he would not say anymore, except in dark hints. Some other fear was on him, greater than mind. He muttered that he was going to get it, going to get his own back. People would see if he would stand being kicked and driven into a hole and then robbed. Gollum had good friends now, good friends, and very strong. They would help him. Baggins would pay for it. That was his chief thought. He hated Bilbo and cursed his name. What is more, he knew where he came from." "But how did he find that out?" asked Frodo. "Well, as for his name, Bilbo very foolishly told Gollum himself.""... and after that, it could not be difficult for him to discover his country, once Gollum left out. Oh, yes. He came out. His longing for the ring proved stronger than his fear of orcs, or even of the light. After a year or two, he left the mountains, you see. Though he's still bound by the desire of it, the ring was no longer devouring him. He began to revive a little. He felt old, terribly old. Yet, less timid. He was mortally hungry. Light, light of the sun and moon, he still feared and hated, and he always will, I think. But he was cunning. He found he could hide from the daylight and moonshine, and could make his way sift- swiftly and softly by dead of night with his pale, cold eyes, and catch small, frightened, or other unwary things. He grew stronger and bolder with new food and new air. He found his way into Mirkwood as one would expect." "Is that where you found him?" asks Frodo "I saw him there," answered Gandalf. "But before... but, uh, but before he had wandered far, following Bilbo's trail, it was difficult to learn anything from him for certain, for his talk was constantly interrupted by curses and threats. 'What is in its pocketses?' he said. 'It wouldn't say, no, Precious? Little cheat. Not a fair question. It cheated first. It did. It broke the rules. We ought to have squeezed it. Yes, Precious. And we will, Precious.' That is a sample of his talk. I don't suppose you want any more. I had weary days of it, but from the hints dropped from among the snarls I gathered from the paddling feet, had taken him- taken him out to the last of Esgaroth, and even to the streets of Dale, listening secretly and peering. Well, the news of the great events went far and wide in Wild- Wilderland, and many heard of Bilbo's name and where he had come from." "We had made no secret of our return journey to his home in the west. Gollum's sharp ears would soon learn what he wanted. "Then why didn't he track Bilbo further?" asks Frodo. "Why didn't he come to the Shire? "Ahh," said Gandalf. "Now we have come to it. I think Gollum tried to. He set out and came wet- back westward, as far as the Great River, but then turned aside. He was not daunted by distance, I am sure. No, something else drew him away. So my friends think those that hunted him for me. The wood-elves tracked him first, an easy task for them. His trail was still fresh then. Through Mirkwood and back again led to them, though they never caught him. The wood was full of the rumor of him. Dreadful tales, even among beasts and birds. The woodsmen said that there were some new terror abroad, a ghost that drank blood. It climbed into find tree, it climbed trees to find nests. It crept into holes to find the young. It slipped through cradles, windows to find cradles." Ew. "But at the west edge of Mirkwood, the trail turned away. It had wandered off southwards and passed out of the wood-elves' ken, and was lost. 'And then I made a great mistake,' gasped Frodo. 'And not be the first, though I fear it may prove to be the worst. I let the matter be. I l- I let him go, for I had much else to think about at the time and still trusted the lure of Saruman. Well, that was years ago. I have paid for it since, with many dark and dangerous days. The trail was long and cold when I took it up again, after Bilbo left here. And my search would have been in vain, but for the help I had found from a for- friend, Aragon, the greatest traveler and huntsman of this age of the world. Together, we sought for the Gollum, down for a whole length of the Wilderland, without hope, without success. But at lost, at last, when we- I had given up the chase and turned to other paths, Gollum was found. My friend retur- returned out of the Great Pearls, bringing the miserable creature with him. What he had been doing, he would not say. He only wept and called us cruel, with many a Gollum in his throat. And when he had pressed him, and whined and cringed, he rubbed his long hands, licked his fingers as if- as if they pained him, as if he remembered some old torture. But I am afraid that there was no possible doubt. He had made his slow sneaky way, step by step, mile by mile- mile, south down at last to the land of Mordor. A great silence fell over the room. Frodo could hear his heart beating. Even outside, everything else s- seemed still. No sound of Sam's shears could even be heard now. "Yes, to Mordor," said Gandalf, "alas! Mordor draws all the wicked things, and the Dark Power has been bending all of its will to gather them there. The Ring of the Enemy will leave its mark too, leave him open to the summons. And all the folk were whispering then of the new shadow in the south, with its hatred of the west. There were his fine new friends, who would help him within his revenge. Wretched fool! In the lands that he would learn much, too much for his comfort. And sooner or later, as he lurked and pried for the borders where he would be caught and taken for examination. That was the way of it, I fear. When he was found, he had already been taken, he had already been there long, and was taken way... Wretched fool. In the land, he would learn much, too much for his own comfort. And sooner or later, as he lurked and pried onto the borders, he would be caught and taken for examination. That was the way of it, I fear. When he was found, he had already been there long, and he was on his way back on some errand of mischief, but that does not matter much now. His worst mischief was done. Yes, alas!... through him, the enemy has learned that the One has been found again. He knows where Isildur fell. He knows where Gollum found his ring. He knows that it is the Great Ring, for it gave long life. He knows that it is not of the Three, for they have been lost, and they endure no evil. He knows that it is not the One of the Seven, or the Nine, for they are accounted for. He knows that it is the One, and he has at last heard, I think... of hobbits and the Shire. The Shire, he may be seeking for it now, if he has not already found out where it lies. Indeed, Frodo, I fear that he may even think that the long-unnoticed name of Baggins has become important." "This is terrible!" cried Frodo. "Far worse than the worst that I had imagined from your hints of the warnings. Oh, Gandalf, best of friends, what am I to do? For now, I am really afraid. What am I to do? What a pity that Bilbo did not stab the vile creature when I had ha- when he had a chance." "Pity? It was a pity that it stayed on his hand. Pity and mercy. Not to strike out, not to strike without need. And he has been well rewarded, Frodo, be sure, that he took so little hurt from the evil, and escaped to the end, because he began his ownership of the ring with pity. I am sorry, Frodo, I am frightened, but I do not feel any pity for Gollum." "You have not seen him," Gandalf broke in. "No, I don't want to," said Frodo. "I can't understand you. Do you mean to say that you and the elves have let him live on after all his horrible deeds? Now, at any rate, is, now, at any rate, he is as bad as an orc, and just an enemy. He deserves death." "Deserves it? I daresay he does. Many that live deserve death, and some that die deserve life. Can you give it to them? Then, do not be too eager to deal out death and judgment. For even as the very wise cannot see all ends, I have not much hope that Gollum can be cured before he dies, but there is a chance of it. He is bound up with the fate of the ring. My heart tells me that he has some part to play yet, for good or ill, before it ends. When that comes, the pity of Bilbo may rule the fate of many, yours not least. In any case, if we did not kill him, he is very old and wretched. The wood-elves have him in a prison, and they treat him with such kindness as if they can find, uh, they treat him with as much kindness as they can find in their wise hearts. "All the same," said Frodo, "even Bilko, even Bilbo could not kill Gollum. I wish I had not kept the ring. I wish I had never found it, and I wish that you had not got it. Why are you, why did you let me keep it? Why didn't you take it away from me, or throw it away, or destroy it?" "Let you? Make you?" said the wizard. "Haven't you been listening to everything I've said? Are you not listening or thinking of what I've been saying? But as for throwing it away, that is the obvious wrong. These rings have a way of being found. In evil hands, it might have done great evil. Worst of all, it might have fallen into the hands of the Enemy. Certainly, indeed, it certainly would, for this is the One. He is exerting all his power to find it or draw it to himself. Of course, my dear Frodo, it is dangerous for you, and that has dou- troubled me deeply. But there is so much at stake that I have to take some risk, though even, I fear, uh, though even when I was far away, there was never a day that, uh, when you were in the Shire that have, you have not been guarded by watchful eyes. As long as you never used it, I did not think that the ring would have any lasting effect on you, not for evil, not for any rate for a very long time, not at any rate for a very long time. As you must remember, that nine years ago, when I last saw you, I still knew very little for certain." "But why not destroy it, as you said you would've done long ago?" cried Frodo. "If you had warned me, or even sent me to the message, I would've done away with it." "Would you? How would you do that? Have you ever tried?" "No, but I suppose I could hammer it or melt it." "Try," said Gandalf. "Try now!" Frodo threw the ring out of his pocket again and looked at it. It now appeared plain and smooth, without mark or device that he could see. The gold looked very fair and pure, and Frodo thought how rich and beautiful was its color, and how perfect it was in roundness. It was an admirable ring, altogether precious. When he took it out, he intended to fling it from him to the very hottest part of the fire, but he found now that he could not do so, not without a great struggle. He weighed the ring in his hand, hesitating, and with an effort he would make, he made a movement, as if to cast it away, but he found out that he had put it back in his pocket. Gandalf laughed grimly. "You see, already you too, Frodo, cannot easily let it go, nor will you damage it."... and I could not make you except by force, which would break your mind. As for breaking the ring, force is useless. Even if you took it and struck it with a heavy sledgehammer, you would make no dent in it. I cannot be, uh, it cannot be unmade from your hands, or mine. Your false sma- your small fire, of course, would not even melt e- ordinary gold. This ring has already passed through it unscathed and even unheeded. But there's no smith's forge in the Shire that could change it at all. Not even the anvils and the furnaces of the dwarves could do that. It has been said that the dragon fire could melt and consume the Rings of Power, but there is not now any dragon left on Earth in which the Old Fire is hot enough, nor is there ever any dragon, even in the Ancalagon the Black, who, uh, could have harmed the One Ring, the Ruling Ring, for that was made by Sauron himself. There is only one way to find the Cracks of Doom in the depths of Orodurin, Orodruin, Oro- Orodruin, O- Orodruin, Orodruin, the Fire Mountain, and to cast, and cast the ring there, if you really wish to destroy it, to put, to put it beyond the grasp of the Enemy forever." "I really do wish to destroy it," crawled Fro- cried Frodo. "Or, well, I, or have it destroyed. I'm not made for purly- purliest quests. I wish to have never seen the ring. Why did it come to me? Why was I chosen?" "Such questions cannot be answered," said Gandalf. "You may be sure that it was not my intent, it was not any merit that others do not possess. Not for power or wisdom, at any rate. But you have been chosen. And you must therefore use such strength, and heart, and wit as you have." "But I have so little of any of these things. You are wise and powerful. Will you not take the ring?" "No!" cried Gandalf, springing to his feet. "With the power I should have, power too great and terrible. And over me, the ring would gain a power still greater and more deadly." His eyes flashed and his face was lit by a fire within. "Do not tempt me. Do not tempt me! For I do not wish to become like the Dark Lord himself. Do not tempt me. Yet the way of the ring is my heart. By its pity, pity for weakness and desire of strength, to do good. Do not tempt me! I dare not take it, not even to keep it safe, unused. The wish to wield it would be too great for my strength. I shall have such need of it. Great pearls lie before me." He went to the window and drew aside the curtains from the shutters. Sunlight streamed back into the room. Sam passed along the path outside the window. "And now," said the wizard, turning back to Frodo, "the decision lies with you. But I will always help you," he said. He laid his hand onto Frodo's shoulder. "I will help you bear this burden, as long as it is yours to bear. But we must do something soon. The Enemy is moving." There was a long silence. Gandalf sat down again and puffed his pipe, as if lost in thought. His eyes seemed to close, but under the lids, he was watching Frodo intently. Frodo gazed fixedly at the red embers in the hearth until they filled all his vision, and he was seeming, vision, and he seemed to be looking down into the profound wells of fire. He was thinking of the fabled Cracks of Doom and the terror of the fiery mountain. "Well, sa- well," said Gandalf at last. "What are you thinking about? Have you decided, what have you decided to do?" "No!" answered Frodo, coming back to himself out of the darkness, and finding to his surprise that it was not dark, and that out of the window he could see the sunlit garden. "Or perhaps yes. As far as I understand of what you have said, I suppose I must keep the ring and guard it, at least for the present, whatever it may do to me." "Whatever it may do, it will be slow, slow to evil, if you keep it with that purpose," said Gandalf. "I hope so," said Frodo. "But I hope that you may find some other, better keeper soon. But in the meantime, it seems that I am in danger, a danger to all that live near me. I cannot keep the ring and stay here. I ought to leave, Bag End, leave the Shire, leave and go away." He sighed. "I should like to save the Shire if I could, though there have been times when I thought the inhabitants were too stupid or dull for words, and I have felt an earthquake or an invasion of dragons might be good for them. But I don't feel like it now. I feel that as long as the Shire lies behind, safe and comfortable, I shall find wandering more bearable. I shall know that somewhere there is a firm foot, foothold, even if my feet cannot take me there. Of course, I have sometimes thought of going away or imagined it as a, some kind of holiday or series of adventures, like Bilbo's, or better, ending in peace. But this would mean exile, a flight from danger to danger, drawing it after me. And I suppose I must go alone, if I'm to, if I'm to do that and save the Shire. But I feel very small and uprooted and very desperate.""... the Enemy is so strong and terrible." He did not tell Gandalf, but as he was speaking a great desire to follow Bilbo flamed in his heart. To follow Bilbo, and perhaps to find him again. It was so strong that it overcame his fear that he could almost have run out there, and down the road without his hat, as Bilbo had done a similar morning long ago. "My dear Frodo," exclaimed Gandalf. "Hobbits really are amazing creatures. I've said before, you can learn all that there is to know about their ways in a month, and yet after a hundred years, they can still surprise you at a pinch. I hardly expected to get such an answer, not even from you. But Bilbo made no mistake in choosing his heir, though he little thought how important you would prove. I'm afraid you were right. The ring will not be able to stay hid in the Shire much longer, and for your own sake, as well as for others, you will have to go. You will have to leave the name Baggins behind you. That name will not be safe to have, out of the sight of the Shire, nor in the Wild. I will give you a traveling name now. When you go, go as Mr. Underhill. But I don't think you need to go alone, not if you know anyone you can trust, and who will be willing to be by your side, and that w- who would be willing to take into unknown perils. And if you look for a came in, be careful in your choosing, and be careful of what you may say, even to your closest friends. The Enemy has spies, and many ways of hearing." Suddenly, he stopped as if listening. Frodo became aware that all was very quiet, inside and outside. Gandalf crept by into one side of the window. Then, with a dart, he sprang to the sill and thrust a long arm out and downwards. There was a squawk, and up came Sam Gampees, curly head hauled out by one ear. "Well, well. Bless my beard," said Gandalf. "Sam Gamgee, is it? Now, what is that you may be doing?" "Lord bless you, Mr. Gandalf, sir," said Sam. "Nothing, lessways I be trimming out the r- grass border near the window, if you follow me." He picked up his shears and exhibited them as evidence. "I don't," said Gandalf firmly. "It is some time since I last heard you sound of your shears. How long have you been eavesdropping?" "Eavesdropping, sir? I don't follow you, begging your pardon. There ain't no ears i- in Bag's End, that's a fact." "Don't be a fool. What have you heard, and why do you listen?" Gandalf's eyes flashed and his brows struck like little bristles. "Mr. Frodo, sir," cried Sam, quaking. "Don't let him hurt me, sir. Don't let him turn me anything unnatural. My old dad would take on so. I meant no harm, on my honor, sir." "He won't hurt you," said Frodo, hardly able to keep from laughing, although he himself was startled and rather puzzled. "He knows as well as I do that you mean no harm. But just you up and answer his questions, straightaway." "Well, sir," said Sam, dithering a little. "I heard a deal that I don't rightly understand, about an Enemy and rings, Mr. Bilbo, sir, and dragons, and a fiery mountain, and, and, and elves, sir. I listened because I couldn't help myself, if you know what I mean. Lord bless me, sir, l- l- l- I love tales of that sort, and I believe them, too, whatever Ted may say. Elves, sir. I would dearly love to see them. Couldn't you take me to see the elves, sir, when you go?" "So..." Suddenly, Gandalf laughed. "Come inside," he shouted, putting out both arms, and he lifted the astonished Sam, shears, grass clippings, and all through the window, and stood him on the floor. "Take you to seeing elves, hey?" He said, eyeing Sam closely, but with a smile flickering on his face. "So you heard that Mr. Frodo is going away." "I did, sir, and that's why I choked, which is why you heard seemingly. I tried not to, sir, but he bursted it out of me, I was so upset." "It can't be helped, Sam," said Frodo, sadly. He had suddenly realized that flying out from the Shire would mean more painful partings than merely saying f- s- farewell to the familiar comforts of Bag's End. "I shall have to go, but..." And here he looked hard at Sam. "If you really care about me, you will keep that dead secret, see. If you don't, you w- you even breathe a word of what you heard here, and I hope Gandalf will turn you into a spotted toad and fill your garden full of grass-snakes." Sam fell to on his knees, trembling. "Get up, Sam," said Gandalf. "I have thought of something better than that, something to shut your mouth and punish you properly for listening. You shall go away with Mr. Frodo." "M- me, sir?" cried Sam, springing up like a dog invited for a walk. "Me, and go see the elves and all? Hooray," he shouted. "Hooray!" And he burst into tears.