Now, you can experience the Lord of the Rings and the Fellowship of the Ring, brought to you by J.R.R. Tolkien. Narrated by Sam Russell, in Delaware, America. "Secret!" "What business is it of yours, anyway, to know what I'm doing with my things? It is, it is mine, my own! I found it, it came to me!" "Yes, yes," said Gandalf. "But there is no need to get angry." "Yeah, if I am, it's your fault then." "No, no." "It is mine, I tell you. My own, I praise it. Mine yes, I praise it!" "The Wizard?" Now, Lord of the Rings. Lord of the Rings has never been more colorful, more theatrical, or more flavorful. You can experience the full richness, richness, and imaginative display in your mind for the same low cost of nothing. Presented to you by... "Gamgee, is it? 'Now, what is that you may be doing?' 'Lord bless you, Mr. Gandalf, sir,' said Sam. 'Nothing, Miss Squeers. I'm here trimming up the grass border near the window, if you follow me.' He picked up his shears and exhibited them as evidence. 'I don't,' said Gandalf firmly. 'It is some time since I last heard you sound of your shears. How long have you been eavesdropping?' 'Eavesdropping, sir? I don't follow you, begging your pardon. There ain't no ears in, in Bag's End, and that's a fact.' 'Don't be a fool! What have you heard? And why do you listen?' Gandalf's eyes flashed, and his brows struck like little bristles. 'Mr. Frodo, sir!' cried Sam, quaking. 'Don't let him hurt me, sir! Don't let him turn me anything unnatural. My old dad would take on, so I meant no harm, on my honor, sir.'" Yes, Gandalf, poor soul. "'He won't hurt you, G.' Sam Gamgee was sitting in a corner near the fire, and opposite him was Ted Sandyman, the miller's son, and there were various other rustic hobbits listening to their talk." "'Queer things you do hear these days, to be sure, Sam.' 'Ah,' said Ted. 'You do if you listen. But I can hear fireside tales and children's stories at home if I want to.' 'No doubt you can,' retorted Sam. 'And I daresay there's more truth in some of them than you reckon. Who invented the stories anyway? Take dragons now.' 'Don't think,' said Ted. 'I won't. I heard tell of them when I was a youngster, but there's no call that I believe in 'em now, and there's only one drag...' And behold, when he had washed the mud away, there in his hand lay a beautiful golden ring, and it shone and glittered in the sun, so that his heart was glad. But Smeagol had been watching from the tree, and then Deagol gloated over the ring. Smeagol became, s- came softly up from behind. 'Give us that, Deagol, my love,' said Smeagol over his friend's shoulder. 'Why?' said Deagol. 'Because it's my birthday, my love, and I wants it,' said Smeagol. 'I don't care,' said Deagol. 'I have given you a present already, more than I could afford. I have found this and I'm going to keep it.' 'Oh, are you indeed, my love?' said Smeagol. And he caught Deagol by the throat and strangled him, because the gold looked bright and beautiful. Then he put the ring on his finger. No one ever found out what had become of Deagol, but he was murdered far from home and his body was cunningly hidden. But Smeagol returned home, and he found that none of his family could see him when he was wearing the ring. He was very pleased with his discovery, and he concealed it, and he used it to find out secrets, and he put his knowledge to crooked and malice uses. He became sharp-eyed and keen-eared for all that was hurtful. The ring had given him power according to his stature. He was..." "My 111th birthday. I am eleventy-one today! Hooray, hooray!" "Many happy returns," they shouted, and they hammered joyously on their tables. Bilbo was doing splendidly. This was the sort of stuff they liked, short and obvious. "I hope you are all enjoying yourselves as much as I am." Deafening cheers. "Indeed, for three purposes. First of all, I tell you that I am immensely fond of all of you, and that I am eleventy-one years is too short a time to live among such excellent, admirable hobbits." Tremendous outburst of approval. "I don't know half of you half as well as I should like, and I like less than half of you as well as you deserve." This was unexpected and rather difficult. Some were scattered clapping, but... For the postman, hoping for invitations. "What is in its pocketses?" he said. "It wouldn't say, 'No, Precious.' Little cheat! At the very lesson it cheated first." "It did, it broke the rules. We ought to have squeezed it, yes, Precious. And we will, Precious." "Only one thing is clear to me," said Otho, "and that is that you will be doing exceedingly well out of it. I insist on seeing the will." Otho should, would have been Bilbo's heir, but for the adoption of Frodo. He read the will carefully and snorted. It was, unfortunately, v- very clear and correct, according to the legal customs of hobbits, which demand, above other things, seven signatures of witnesses in red ink. "Fooled again!" said his wife. "And after waiting 60 years! Spoons? Fiddlesticks!" She snapped her fingers under Frodo's nose and skunked off. But Lobelia was not so..." Enjoy this same story, brand new, all over again. This time with much better imagination and resolution created by the tapestry and canvas in your own minds. Forget all that CGI nonsense. Take yourself and your minds, and let your imagination run away with you, with the Fellowship of the Ring. 