To experience your personal power, you must be certain that you are a special warrior person, a special warrior person who truly contributes to the community and tribe. You can be that special warrior person. You are already becoming that special warrior person. Now, now, you need to find the safety and protection that you need. Now, you need to find the safety and protection that you need, and then you can begin to step forward, and then you can begin to step forward to take the risks that will allow you to make changes that you need to make in the world and in your life. Imagine all around you a protective shield or a bubble, a shield or a bubble as completely transparent. It can be as far away from you as you please or as close to you as your second skin. You are in control. You are in control. You choose the size and the shape of your protection. The bubble is visible only to you, only to you, visible only to you. Nobody else can see it. It is like a one-way mirror. You move outward, but only the things that you allow in will get in. It is like a one-way mirror. You move outward, but only the things that you want to allow in will get in. You can choose who or what you want inside the bubble, people, ideas, incidents, physical surroundings. You can keep your fears outside the bubble. Spend the next few moments experimenting with the bubble. Spend the next few moments experimenting with the bubble. Experience it. Make it larger. Make it smaller. Feel its texture, or consider its absence of texture. Move around within it. Feel it move around you. Spend the next few moments experimenting with the bubble. Experience it. Make it larger. Make it smaller. Feel its texture, or consider its absence of texture. Move around within it. Feel it move around you. (silence) Practice using the bubble not only while you're listening, but at any time when you are relaxed and safe. The bubble is your own place. The bubble is your own place, a place where you are completely safe and in control. As you begin to feel your own breathing and the energy that it brings back to your body, focus on this idea: This protective shield will help you to become more powerful, and you will be able to express your personal power more and more with every day that passes. Your strength will come from inside of you. Virtually anything will be possible as your power can affect others. Not only will you believe in yourself, but you will believe in others as well. You will be able to feel this energy come up from within you whenever you wish. Now, as you have done before, breathe the energy back into your body. You will be able to feel this energy come up from within you whenever you wish. And as you have done before, breathe the energy back into your body. Feel the energy move to all parts of your body. Feel the energy move to all parts of your body. And when you are completely back in the presence of time, simply open your eyes, feeling alert and awake.