Now is a good time to begin. Lie on your back and imagine ocean waves or tides flowing with your breathing, allowing them to flow naturally and easily, allowing them to return easily. Do not push. They flow by themselves. Feel the passive flowing in and out of the waves or tides. Observe where you feel the movement. Feel to where the waves are flowing. Feel to where the waves are flowing. Feel to where the waves are flowing. Feel from where the waves return. Observe where you feel the waves flowing. Observe where you feel the waves return. When you breathe in (breathes in deeply), notice where the fl- waves are flowing, and when you breathe out (breathes out deeply), observe where the new waves are flowing. When you breathe in (breathes in deeply), observe where the waves are flowing, and when you breathe out (breathes out deeply), notice where the waves are flowing. You can also do some breathing like this. (hums)  Tell the shoulders, tell the shoulders to let go of the neck. Tell the shoulders now to let go of the neck. That's good. That's good. Now, tell the neck to let go of the head. Tell the neck to let go of the head. That's right. It's so easy to let go of the head. You can let the neck disconnect from the head. Let the head, the neck disconnect from the head, letting it loose, setting it free, setting it free. Let the neck... Tell the neck to let go of the head. Tell the neck to let go of the head. That's right. The head is strong and is safe. The head is safe. The head is protected. The head is safe. The neck doesn't need to hold on so tight. The neck can relax and release. Tell the neck to release the head. Tell the head to let go, to let go the jaw. That's right. Tell the head to let go of the jaw. Let go of the jaw. Let go of the jaw. Let go of the jaw. You don't need to hold onto the jaw. The jaw is very relaxed and very asleep. There's no reason for the head to have to try to create... There's t- too much relaxation for that. Now you can tell the throat to let go of the tongue. Tell the throat that it can let the tongue go to sleep. Let the tongue sleep. Relax. Sleep. Let your tongue sleep. Let your jaw sleep. Let your head sleep, and let your neck sleep. Your neck is completely asleep. Your neck is floating. Your head is floating. Your jaw is a-floating and unique asleep. The tongue is asleep. Tell the eye sockets to let go of the eyes. Let go of the eyes. Tell the eye sockets to let go of the eyes. Good. That's right. Tell the eye sockets to let go. Let go of the eyes. Let go. Let go of the eyes. Tell the shoulders to let go. Tell the shoulders to let go. Let go of the upper arms. Let go of the upper arms. Tell the shoulders to let go of the upper arms. (rustling sounds) (paper rustles)Visualize yourself going into a pleasant room, its walls lined with bookcases. Filling, filling these bookcases are diaries, one for every year of your life. There should be some problem worrying you at the present moment. You may wish to use these diaries to find relevant information from your past. Tell the elbows to let go, let go of the lower arms. Tell the elbows to let go of the lower arms. Tell the elbows to let go of the lower arms. Or you may simply wish to find out more about your past. To help you do this, stored in drawers beneath the bookshelves are millions of old photographs, report cards, letters, and many other memories. Tell the wrists to let go, let go. Tell the wrists to let go of the hands. Tell the wrists to let go of the hands. Let your hands go and imagine that if you have before you the book of time, you have before you the book of time, in the pages of which you will find photographs spanning your entire life. As you open the book, tell your hands to let go of the fingers. Tell your hands to let go of the fingers. That's right. Tell the hands to let go of the fingers. Turn back the years one, turn back the pages five years and see a photograph as yourself as you were then, as you can be there again, feeling the fe- things that you felt back then, having the knowledge you had five years ago, had had then. Tell the spine and sternum to let go of the ribs, let go of the ribs, let go of the ribs. Tell your hip joints to let go of your upper legs. Tell the hip joints to let go of the upper legs, upper legs. Continue turning the pages, if you wish, going back further and further into your past, knowing that you are able to tell the knees to let go of the lower legs. You are able to let the knees know to let go of the lower legs. The lower legs are relaxed, asleep, asleep. You can now begin to relax and tell the ankles to let go of the feet. Tell the ankles to let go, let go of the feet, let go, let go of the feet. Tell the feet to let go, let go of the toes, let go, let go of the toes (paper rustles)... You may, you have many times taken a trip in a car.

... and enjoyed it immensely. The car was moving. The car was moving very rapidly. You saw this sight. You saw that scene. You said this, and you said that, all in an ordinary way. The car moved. The car moved. The car moved fast, but you were sitting quietly, just going along. Picture yourself getting on an elevator at the top of a tall building and pushing the up, up, up, up, up button. As the elevator ascends and goes up, is lifted up, is lifted as it is lifted up, up, up, the elevator ascends, up, up, getting lighter and lighter and lighter and lighter. I don't know with my conscious mind or my unconscious mind, but your conscious mind does know that you could not stop the car, nor did you want to. The telephone poles were so many feet apart, and they came along one by one, and you saw them pass. You saw the fields and they passed, large fields, small fields, and you could only wait quietly to see what would be in the next field, to see whether the next house would be brick or frame. Just continue to go upwards, higher and higher and higher, with each floor, going up and up and up. Higher and lighter, lighter as a feather, higher, like a balloon going up, up, up, up. That's right. Into the sky, into the sky. Watch it float, float up, up, float up into the sky with each movement and motion of a balloon floating up, floating up, up, up into the sky. You can feel an increasing sense of relief and release. And all the time the car went along and you sat quietly, you just saw your th- your thoughts going up, up, floating up, all in your own way, letting go at your own speed, flying up, higher and higher, letting go just as it happened, floating up, higher and higher, floating lighter and lighter, lighter and lighter at your own speed, just as it happened. The car just kept on going. You did not need to pay attention to the car, just to what would happen next. Lighter and lighter, higher and higher, lighter and lighter, higher and higher, a field, a house, a horse or whatever was next, clouds, whatever clouds are next, houses, streets, buildings, lakes, rivers, trees, forests, looking down buildings, roads, cars, homes, ceilings, roofs, rooftops, neighborhoods. However, this experiment will not be in a car ride. I would just used it to explain more fully to you. I could have described going through the cooking of a dinner, peeling potatoes, washing carrots, and that kind of thing, putting on pork chops, anything that you could have done. Now, now, I'm going to give you much more time than you need to do this experiment. Now, I will give you 20 seconds of world time, but in your special time, 20 seconds will be just as long as you need to complete your work. In a minute, it can be a minute, a day, a week, a month, or even years. Complete your work and you will take all the time you need.Complete your work. I will not tell you yet what your experiment or task is. As soon as you complete your work to show that you are ready, I will start the stopwatch and give you the signal now. Complete the next task very rapidly, and I will name the task, getting organize your papers and organize your files. And you will start at the very beginning of tomorrow afternoon, at the very beginning of Wednesday, right through to the end of Friday night, no matter how far away it is in time. Ready? All right. Listen carefully for the click of the watch, my signal, and the name of the task is mail and email consolidation, going through and opening, subscribing, responding, classifying, sorting all your emails and all your paper mails to make your life more effective, more efficient, more relaxed, and more floated up. When you float more and more and you're getting close to your own special room, can you see it? You have a big, large screen TV and VCR. Can you see those? I suggest take some deep breaths to take you deeper and higher up, up, floating up and upper more into trance, floating higher and higher into trance. On one wall or the other, to your right or to your left is a beautiful, clean, brand new, but h- huge and very visible and very permanent chalkboard. It's your favorite chalkboard you have. You love to use this chalkboard to write on, and you use it to res notes. You use it more than your phone. You use it all the time to make decisions. Anyway, at the bottom of this, this board is a tray with a piece of chalk in it. So, you use this chalkboard when deciding things, when planning, when speaking with yourself, when asking questions, you can always write on the chalkboard. There's always room. There's always more boards. We will have to erase a chalkboard because it was only so big, there's only so many words that can-

... fit. If it's too many words, then we would have to put it into the diary books. The diary books are in the library room. The library room is filled with diary books and many, many words and stories. Anyway, on one wall or the other, to your right or to your left is a chalkboard. At the bottom of the board is a tray with a piece of chalk in it. This chalk is very special. It can help us by writing answers to questions we may have and provide us with directions. Pick up a videocassette tape and stack it on the chair. Our mind is very much like a giant video library. Take the tape that we need to review today. That's right, noticing things you hadn't noticed before, watching yourself at your current level performing the tasks you've been performing, noticing anything that you hadn't noticed before, and erasing that off the screen, now seeing the way that you would like to be, the way you would like to behave, what you would like to hear, feeling how you would like to feel. Imagine seeing what you would like to see, feeling what you would like to feel, hearing what you would like to hear, doing what you would like to do. See yourself on the screen in the movie, doing those behaviors as skillfully, as effortlessly, and having as much fun with a big smile on your face, taking care of business once and for all, one thing at a time, completed, doing it right, one thing perfect at a time. Anytime there is difficulty retrieving the memories in this way, we ask the chalk to tell us why. It usually does and we may proceed from there. Sometimes I ask the chalk to write on the board which tape to pick. That way, we can go through the files. Anytime there is difficulty with retrieving the memories in this way, we ask the ta- chalk to tell us why, and it usually does, and then we may proceed from there. Place the cassette into the VCR, and when a picture starts to appear on the screen, "Yes! Yes, now it's coming together, getting it done, going the distance, getting the grade. You're the champ! You're the champ. Congratulations, way to go. You did it. You really, really did it." You can review the episode silently and then tell me what you have seen, or you can tell me as you are seeing it. Sometimes, you can s- as you are seeing it. Of course, of course. Absolutely, of course. If you would like to improve your power of comprehension, concentration, if you would like to improve your power of memory and recall, if you would like to improve your power of concentration, memory, recall, and practice your relaxation for one and a half to two minutes just before you start to study, take the interview, take the examination, or do anything that is usually disconcerting to you, when you open your eyes, you will be able to concentrate on your work that is to be done.Concentrate to such a degree that you will absorb the material like a sponge taking up water, making an intellicable mark in your mind so that you will be able to recall it at any time in the future. You will probably get twice as much work done in half the period of time. The things that used to be distractions will no longer bother you, whether they were persons, phones, text messages, emails, ideas, worries, opportunities, good things, or stupid things. You will be able to take your... You will be able to handle your improvements every day one at a time with a relaxed body, a clear sharp mind. You will get twice as much work done in half the period of time. You won't be able to explain how and why things come so easily to you, getting twice as much work done now in half the period of time. Don't try to analyze it. No one knows how it works. Just let it happen, and it will happen. Just let it happen, and it will happen. Just let it happen, and it will happen. Just let it happen, and it'll happen. Just let it happen, and it will happen. Now, here's the help you wish. Listen carefully and understandingly. You may not want to agree with me, but you must remember that your own ideas have led only to failures, hence though what I say may not seem exactly right, abide by it fully. In so doing, you will achieve your goal of closing new business. That is your goal and you are to achieve it, and I shall give you instructions by which you are to do it. I cannot give you the information that you have acquired in past study, and I want you to have it available for the presentation in the way that I specify. First of all, you are to close this new piece of business, not trying in the unsuccessful ways you have in the past, but in the way, in the way I shall now define. I want you to close this piece of business. I want you to close this new piece of business, and I want you to close it and pass it and issue it. But cl- listen careflosely. You are to close it with the lowest possible grade, not even the highest premium, not even the highest per month, not even 500 a month, or 400 a month, or 300 a month, or 200 a month, or 100 a month. I know you would like a h...

... high grade, but you need a passing grade. You need a passing grade. That's all. That's all. That's all, and that's what you are to get. To do this, you must agree absolutely, and you do. You do. You do. Imagine distancing, distancing suggestions, moving, moving pain away from the self. Imagine for a while that the arm doesn't... your left arm doesn't belong to you. Pretend that your left arm isn't a part of you. Pretend your left arm isn't a part of you at all. Think of your left arm as not a part of you. It doesn't belong to you, isn't a part of you. Think of it as a part of a sculpture, or a toy, or a picture, or just floating out there by itself. Just think of your left arm as a s- toy, or a picture, or something just floating out there by itself. Just think of your left foot as a part of a sculpture, or toy, or a... just a picture, or just floating out there all by itself. Just imagine that your left foot and your left leg... it doesn't belong to you, it isn't a part of you. Think of it as being part of a sculpture, or toy, or picture that is just floating out there all by itself. Think of as your right leg and your left leg, that they do not belong to you, they are not a part of you. Think of your left and right leg as just a picture, or a sculpture, or a toy, or t- think of your left and right leg just floating out there by itself. You said you like to go to the mountains. Imagine yourself floating there now. Imagine yourself really going now. Let yourself really be here, be there. Just leave all the discomfort and be in the mountains and see the trees and smell the flowers. That's right. Watch the chipmunks playing. You can give them some of your food if you like. Smell the fresh air and the pine trees. Listen to the gentle wind. Imagine that your left and right legs are no longer a part of you, they do not belong to you. Pretend that your left and right legs are a piece of a toy, or a sculpture, or, or picture them as just floating out there by themselves. Listen to the running stream. Recall a time when you felt very comfortable and very good, and bring those good feelings, comfortable feelings to the present. Let your body feel comfortable here and now. You can let comfortable feelings fill your whole body and mind completely. You can imagine that your left and right legs, and now your waist and hips and buttocks, and now your left and right arms, pretend that all of them no longer are part of you. Pretend that your left and right legs and arms do not belong to you, that they are not part of you. Think of your left arms and left legs, and right arms and right leg as it is a part of a sculpture or toy, or a picture, it's just floating out there by itself. Just picture your left leg, your right and left leg, and right and left arms not belonging to you, but just floating out there by itself. Let the comfortable feelings fill your whole body and mind completely until there is just no room for discomfort, and you can be completely comfortable, and you can keep these good feelings for as long as you like. Imagine that you are inside a lighted globe, and that you can see yourself walking around on the inside of a map. Notice everything very carefully. Notice which colors that you like and don't like. I'll ask you to check it again later. Notice what size it is. Might be the size of a grapefruit or a chair, the size of a house, or even the size of something small like a fingernail, or even a pinhead has a size. We'll check the size again later and notice the shape. What shape are you right now? What shape are you right now, and what is it saying to you now? How loud is it right now? Later, we'll see if you can still hear it. Look again. What color is it now?That's interesting, it seems to be changing. I wonder how you did that. How small is it now? Can you change the size too? Yes, yes, you really are in charge. You are in charge there, in that lighted globe. You really are in charge there, in that lighted globe. You are a good map-maker. You can go wherever you want. Feel whatever you want. Up, up, up, up, up, up. What shape is the discomfort? What shape is the comfort? Can you still hear it? (paper rustling). You are now so deeply relaxed that your mind has become very receptive and will r- listen and respond to all the suggestions given from now on, beginning now in this state of deep relaxation, the critical part of your conscious mind is also very deeply and uppily relaxed and highly relaxed and highly relaxed so that you can accept any idea you wish to accept for your own good. As I wish you to remain in this uncritical state, I am not going to give you any direct suggestions with regard to any of your particular problems. I am only going to ask you to think about certain words and their meanings and associations for others. I want you to think lazily of these words and to turn them over in your minds, to examine them, to let them sink and float and rise highly into your subconscious mind. The first word I want you to think about is the word health. I want you now and always, beginning to start now to couple it with the word good. What can the words good health mean? It can mean a sense of superb physical wellbeing, yes, yes, a strong heart and lungs, perfect functioning of all the organs, nerves, glands, and systems of the entire body, firm, strong muscles, bones, joints, thoughts, decisions, energy, emotions, self-management, mastery, elastic skin, and the absence of any excess fat or flesh, greater increased resistance to all forms of infection or disease and an increasingly great measure of control, a great increase and a great measure of both control o- of the autonomic nervous system and the hormone glands, between both, control all the functions and conditions of the body. Good, good health means not only physical health, but also a healthy attitude of mind in which the nerves are stronger and steadier now, the mind and calm and clear and more composed, more tranquil, and more relaxed, more confident. It can mean a greater feeling of esteem in the eyes of others, a greater feeling of personal wellbeing, safety-

... safety, security, ha- happiness than has ever felt before. It can mean others will perceive you as having complete control, complete control of your thoughts and emotions, complete control of your thoughts and emotions with the ability to concentrate better and utilize all the vast resources of the memory and the full intellectual powers of the up conscious mind. And it can mean that others will perceive you as having the ability to sleep highly and refreshingly at night and to awake in the morning feeling calm, relaxed, confident, and cheerful, ready to meet all the challenges of the new day with boundless energy and enthusiasm. The words good health can mean to others any or all the things and more. The words have tremendous power. I want you to let them float highly into your upper-conscious mind, which always can reproduce in your dominant thoughts. The next word I want you to think about is success. It may mean a desire of recognition, a fulfillment of your desires. It may mean the ability to set and achieve goals in life which people who are important to you consider to be realistic, worthwhile, and worthy of chasing after, and the motivation and determination to achieve these marks, to achieve these tasks, to achieve these goals. It may mean that the confidence to recognize that friends perceive you as being able to throw off your inhibitions. They think of you as being spontaneous. They think of you as expressing your feelings without fear or hesitation. Success may mean wealth in terms of money and the things that money can buy, or security for yourself and your family. It can also show itself in an attitude of mind which gives inner happiness regardless of material possessions or circumstances. It could mean the ability to overcome some particular problem, perhaps even some problem which you do not know. Whatever the word success means to others, I want you to use the word as an emotional stimulus to produce in you all the feelings which go with success. Finally, I want you to think of the word motivation. What can it mean to others? It can mean a gradual but progressive strengthening of one's desire to be in charge of one's life, to destroy the old recordings of habit patterns, to play (scats) the new music instead of the old, to cease being a puppet to one's early conditioning and to become a creator, to become a creator of new, healthy, happy, (laughs) and s-successful script in the play of life, man. In the goddamn play of life, ho! (laughs) Get your shit together, boy. Get it all together. Get it rocking and flavored and see what you see, dude. It can mean the gradual but progressive building of stronger and stronger feelings of how positively others perceive you until your self-confidence is much stronger than your fear of failure, and achieving high marks at university, high marks in sales presents no difficulty, hardship, or discomfort for you. We have all been conditioned since birth to associate words with feelings. Words are, therefore, the tools which we are going to use to produce the feelings and the results we want, and these war- words are health, success, and motivation. In a few seconds, I will count. I'm not going to give you any direct suggestions with regard to any of your particular problems. I'm only going to ask you to think about certain words and their meanings to, for others. I want you to think lazily of these words, to turn them over in your minds, to examine them, to let them rise highly into your up-conscious mind until they become woven into a fabric of your beliefs as to how this others perceive you. The first word I want you to think about is the word health, and I want you now and always to couple it with the word good. What can it, the words good health mean to others? They can mean a sense of superb physical wellbeing with a well-conditioned, well-functioning body. They can mean that the body feels full of power and strength, rah, with a greater balance and stamina, increased resistance to fatigue and disease, more slender, more firm muscle tone and vibrant complexion. Woo. Good health can result in greater awareness of the body, greater r- awareness of the body, greater control of all parts of the body, and a sense of harmony in the functioning of the body. Good health means not only physical health, but also a healthy attitude of mind in which others see you as feeling calmerSafer, more secure, more confident, and sure of yourself. Happier and more self-satisfied than you'd ever beford-- ever felt before in sales. It can mean that others perceive you as being able to control your thoughts and emotions. It can mean that others perceive you as being better able to concentrate on your studies at sales. It can mean that others perceive you as being able to sleep better at night. It can mean that others will perceive you as feeling calm, confident, (laughs) and cheerful in the morning when you rise, ready to meet the challenges and the bullshit of this new day. (laughs) The words good health could mean any or all of these things and more. These words have tremendous power. I want you to let them rise up highly into your unconscious mind, which always can reproduce your dominant thoughts, reproduce your dominant thoughts. I want... The next word I want you to think about is the word success. It may mean that others see you as feeling a sense of worthiness or fulfillment, the attainment of your desires in terms of your achievement in sales. It may mean that others see you as having the ability to set and achieve goals at sales which are realistic, worthwhile, and progressive, your sales motivation and determination to achieve these goals. It may mean that friends see you as having the confidence to ask questions in business, to enable you to spontaneously make sales, express feelings without fear or hesitation. Success can mean higher marks at sales, which may mean security for you and your family. It can also manifest itself in the inner happiness that comes when you know that you've done the best you can. It could mean the ability to overcome some particular problem that was interfering with your sales. Whatever the word success means to others, I want you to use this word as an emotional stimulus to produce in you all the feelings that go with success. Finally, I want you to think of the word motivation. What can it mean? It can mean the desire, determination, driving force to achieve high business sales, high business sales, sales business. It can mean a gradual but progressive strengthening of one's desire to be in charge of one's life, to change, to change habit patterns so that they facilitate the goal of high achievement at sales. It can mean the gradual but progressive building of stronger and stronger and stronger and stronger and stronger and stronger feelings of how positively others perceive you until your self-confidence is much stronger and stronger and stronger. Your self-confidence is much stronger and stronger and stronger.

... than your fear of failure. And achieving high grades at sales presents no fricking bullshit difficulty, hardship, or discomfort to you at all. (laughs) Woo. Sales. (laughs) We have all been conditioned since birth to associate words with feelings. Words are, therefore, the tools which we are going to use to produce the feelings and results which we want, and these words are health, success, and motivation. I am not... I want you to remain in this uncritical state. I'm not going to give you any direct suggestions, uh, with regard to any of your particular problems. I am only going to ask you to think of your particular problems. I am only going to ask you to think about certain words and their meanings and associations for other words. I want you to think lazily of these words, to turn them over your up-conscious mind until they become woven into the very fabric of your substance of your self-image and into the very fabric of your beliefs, how others see you. And the first word that I want you to think of is the word health, and I want you to think about the word health, and I want you now and always to couple it with the word good. And it can mean... And what can words good health mean? They can mean that people will perceive you as feeling good physically, alert when studying, strong, strong, strong and healthy, healthy, healthy, and happy, happy with how your body looks and responds. You're looking good and you're responding great. In perfect response, in time and effort, your excellent health, good health may mean less fatigue, less illness, better body weight, less muscle strain, and less irritations which kept you from performing at your fullest capacity in your studies and work and play, eh, and rest. It may mean friends perceive you as good-looking and looking good as well as feeling good. Good health means not only physical health, but also a healthy mental attitude of mind in which your friends perceive you as feeling better about yourself than ever before, more confident and sure in your ability to analyze the material you read, calmer and more relaxed when expressing yourself. Happier. Happier and more satisfied in your classes this year than ever before. Happier and happier, more satisfied with your clients this year than ever before. It can mean that others will feel that you are better able to control your thoughts and attention, better able to control and con- concentrate and remember all the information, all the important ideas, all the most important ideas and information, and the material that you read and read and will read and read in the future. Now, it can seem that friends will feel that you are able to use your up-conscious minds to the full extent of your ability, allowing your up-conscious mind to focus on pert- the pertinent data when needed. It can mean that others will feel that you are able to sleep better at night, free from anxiety and self-doubt, free, awakening calm and confident in the morning. It can mean that friends will perceive you as feeling wide awake in the morning, eager and ready to absorb all that you can from the day. These words good health can mean any and all of these things and more. These words have tremendous power, and I want them to rise up into your up-conscious minds. I want them to rise up, up, up, up into your up, up, up-conscious mind with the... Your up-conscious mind always can reproduce in your dominant thoughts. The next word I want you to think about is success. It may mean that friends see you as feeling a sense of accomplishment as you improve in your reading speed and comprehension, a sense of satisfaction and accomplishment. It may mean that others feel that you have the ability to set realistic goals and study and improvement habits. It may mean that others see you as having motivation and determination to achieve these improvement goals. It may mean that others feel that you are confident when reading, studying, easily making connections between m- material read and information stored somewhere else in the memory, always making connections between what is r- read easily with what is already known. And it may mean that others think you easily remember important facts and important information, and you are able to easily identify crucial issues, lead discussions, and in general, be a superior student. Do it now. Take your time. Do it right. Success may mean wealth in terms of money.... and the things that money can buy. Security for yourself and your family. It could show itself in the attitude of mind, which gives inner happiness regardless of material possessions or circumstances. It could mean the ability to overcome some particular problem, perhaps even some problem which you do not know. Whatever the word success means to others, I want you to use this word as an emotional stimulus for producing you all the feelings that go with success. Finally, I want you to think of the word motivation. What could it mean to others? It could mean that friends perceive you as having the desire to improve your reading. It can mean that they feel that you have the drive and the determination to improve your reading and all your achievements. It could mean they feel that you have the progressive d- desire to change your habits, to take control of your life. Take control of your life, rather than to passively respond to old feelings. It can mean the gradual b- p- p- progressive building of stronger and stronger and stronger feelings of how positively others perceive you until your self-confidence is much stronger and stronger than that of your fear of failure. Achieving high sales. Achieving high sales in business. Achieving high sales in the autumn time. A- achieving high sales in the wintertime presents no difficulty or f- at all. Achieving high sales in the wintertime presents no hardship at all. Achieving high sales presents no d- discomfort at all. We have all been conditioned since birth to associate words as ... with feelings. Words are therefore the tools which, which we want to use to produce the feelings and results we want. And these words are health, success, and motivation. The first word I want you to think is the word health. And I want you to know and always to couple it with the word good. What can the words good health mean? They can mean that people will perceive you as feeling good physically, alert when studying and improving, improving strong and healthy, and happy with how your body looks and how your body responds. People see you as having great health, and that you have less fatigue, you have less illness, le- better body weight, you have much less muscle strain or other irritations which used to keep you from performing less than your best. It may mean friends perceive you as looking good as well as feeling good. Good health means not only a physical health but also a healthy attitude of mind in which your friends perceive you as feeling better about yourself than ever before, feeling more confident in and sure of your ability to analyze the material you read, calmer and more and more relaxed, more and more relaxed when expressing yourself, more and more relaxed, more and more happier, more and more satisfied in your classes and your ... this year than ever before. It can mean that others will feel that you are better able to control your thoughts and to control your attention, better able to concentrate, better able to remember, better able to remember the immaterial information you read, you read. And it can seem that friends will feel that you are able to use your up conscious mind to the ef- full extent of your ability, allowing your up conscious mind to focus on pertinent data when needed. It can mean that others will feel that you are able to sleep better.

... at night, free from anxiety or self-doubt, awaking calm and confident in the morning. It can mean that friends will perceive you as feeling wide awake in the morning, ready and eager to absorb all you can from the coming day. The words good health can mean any and all of these things and more. These words have tremendous power. I want you to let them sink deeply into your subconscious mind, into your up-conscious mind, which always can reproduce in your dominant thoughts. The next word I would like you to think about is success. It may mean that friends see you as feeling a sense of accomplishments as you improve in your reading speed and comprehension, a sense of satisfaction with this accomplishment. It may mean that others feel you have the ability to set realistic goals and study habits, study habits. It may mean that others see you as having motivation and determination to achieve these goals and improvements. It may mean that others feel you are more confident when reading, studying, improving, closing sales, making money, easily making connections between material read and information stored in the memory. It may mean that others think of you easily to remember to important facts and information. You are able to easily identify crucial issues, lead discussions, and, in general, become a superior performer. Success may mean wealth in terms of money and the things that money can buy, or security for yourself and your family. It can also show itself the attitude of mind which gives inner happiness regardless of the material possessions or circumstances. It could mean the ability to overcome some particular problem, perhaps even some problem about which you do not even know. Whatever the word success means to others, I want you to use this word as an emotional stimulus to produce in you all the feelings that go with success. Finally, I want you to think of the word motivation. What can it mean to others? It can mean that friends perceive you as having the desire to improve your reading. It can mean they feel you have the drive and determination to improve your achievements. It can mean they feel you have the progressive desire to change habits, to take control of your life rather than to passively respond to old feelings. It can mean the gradual but progressive building of stronger and stronger and stronger and longer and longer and longer feelings of how positively others perceive you until your self-confidence, your self-confidence is much, much stronger than your fear of failure and achieving high marks and sales, which present no difficulty, no hardship, or discomfort for you. We have all been conditioned since birth to associate words with feelings. Words are therefore the tools which we are going to use to produce the feelings and results which we want, and these words are health, success, and motivations. You will incorporate these suggestions into your self-concept. That's right. And I want you to relax and get ready to go on an adventure in a spaceship. Just sit back in the cockpit of your spaceship. That's right. Now put on your space helmet and your oxygen mask. That's right. Now take a deep breath of oxygen through your mask (inhales) (exhales). With each breath you take, you take in the space. Feel the pressure of the seat as you lift off, climbing higher and higher and higher and higher and higher and higher and higher. Very good. You can look out the window of the spaceship and see the stars go by. See all the pretty stars and the beautiful and interesting planets. Now, in space, there is no gravity, and you can have a lot of fun with this. Your body is becoming very light, and your hands and arms can begin to drift upward because they feel weightless. Your whole body is becoming very light, and your hands and arms can begin to drift because you will feel weightless. Very, very good. Now you can land on a friendly planet to have a good adventure and to learn something new. You can relax even more as you land your spaceship on the planets and your arms return to the sides of the chair. Good. Now you can step out the door of space sh- and look at the planets.There are two kinds of time. One, the time the clock tells us. The other, our own sense of the passage of time. The first of these is known as physical or solar or world time. It is time used by the s- physicists and the astronomers and in their measurements and by all of us in our workaday life. The second is called personal time. Einstein refers to this as I-time. It is a subjective time that we are most interested in here. One of the most important things about it is that it is very variable. Thus, if several persons are asked to judge the length of- of a five-minute interval, as measured by a clock, they may have very different ideas as to the duration of the interval, depending upon the circumstances in which each person finds himself. To those who are enjoying themselves or who are absorbed in some interesting activity, the interval might well seem shorter. On the other hand, to those in pain or discomfort or anxiety, the five minutes would seem much longer. We call this time distortion, and the most familiar example of it is found in the dream. You yourself have probably often noticed that you can experience many hours of dream life in a very short time by the clock. Now, it has been repeatedly demonstrated that subjective time appreciation can be hallucinated just as you can hallucinate visual or auditory sensations in response, in response to suggestion during hypnosis. The subject, thus, actually experiences the amounts of subjective time that is suggested to him. So, in a sense, you have a special time of your own, which you can call on as much as you wish. Moreover, you have an unlimited supply of it. It is the time of the dream world and of the hallucinated world. And since it is readily available, you will never have to hurry in these tests. Furthermore, it bears no relation whatever to the time of any watch, which, consequently, you will ignore. Knowing these things, you can now relax and take your time.

As practice these tasks, they will become easier and easier for you. With practice, the experiences will become more and more clear, and more and more real, so that you will actually live them. With each experience, you will go deeper and deeper sleep. The experiences will come of their own accord, promptly and effortlessly when I give you the starting signal. (paper rustles) The next time you read a good novel or see the quality motion picture, stage play, or television performance, what I am about to tell you will set in motion a number of changes in your artistic sensitivity and responsiveness, and these changes will greatly enhance your appreciation and understanding of what you experience, multiplying your enjoyment many, many, many times over. You will find that all of your senses will suddenly begin to feel much keener as the event begins, and that your emotional responsiveness is also considerably enhanced. These changes will enable you to become more and more deeply involved in the experience as it unfolds, for you will be able to follow it with your entire being. As time continues, the degree of your involvement in such cultural experiences will continue to increase as this process repeats itself, and this enhancement of your artistic responsiveness will help you to discover new depths of appreciation in life itself as you come to possess an ever-increasing ability to experience life in a richer and more rewarding manner. Now I want you to think of some musician who plays the same instrument as you, whose playing you're especially fond of, or if you wish, you can think of one of those great virtuosos on this instrument from the past, and I'm going to count back from five to one, and by the time I get to one, you will be able to feel just as if you were this person, feeling as if he plays, feeling the way sh-, he feels, the way he feels and as he's playing as he plays. You will always be able to hear and to respond to my voice, but you will not... You will return, but... And I will return you to your own identity in a while, but until I do so, every aspect of the situation in which I guide you will seem completely real, and you will be able to experience it all just as if it were really there. So, just continue listening to the sound of my voice, beginning to lose your awareness of a- of you as the other person, and beginning to become aware of your original identity once more, here, here in a trance with me once again. Two. As a result of the experience you may have just undergone, you may notice a great many improvements taking place, taking place in your own musical performance. Whenever you begin to play or sing or perform for others, or practice or rehearse, you will become completely absorbed in the music with every first note, with every first sound, with every breath. You will become so absorbed in the piece that you are playing that all sense of self is lost, and all traces of fear and doubt are lost as well. Your timing and your concentration will be perfect, and as you and the music merge together, you will be able to tap into the feelings you have experienced just now and feel the same wonderful sense of power and ability flowing out from the innermost depths of your being, and flowing on to touch the hearts of anyone who hears you play. When the performance has ended, you will realize just how d- deeply you have been able to tap into the boundless wellsprings of talent and ability which lie within you. You will experience a great surge of elation and a deep sense of personal fulfillment and satisfaction at the realization that you have been able to perform so well. It will always be a source of deep personal satisfaction that you are able to use your vast, vast talent so fully and so wellAnd you will come to look forward to each performance supremely confident, supremely confident that you are honing your talent to its finest possible edge, looking forward to the inevitable moment of triumph which this awareness will bring you when the performance is completed. A specific situation may also be you can feel the wellsprings of power and ability flowing through every muscle, flowing through every fiber, every nerve of your body as your identities completely merge, completely one. Your identities have completely merged together now and you can open your eyes and begin to play. Whenever you are engaged in creative writing, you will find that during your spare moments, your thoughts will tend to turn to whatever you are writing about. These frequent moments of extra attention will keep new ideas constantly forming in your mind even when you are consciously preoccupied with other matters. Because of this extra attention, new ideas and associations will f- with these vast resources of creativity which lay within you. You will be able to carry out any revisions which may be necessary as the work progresses without any undue reluctance on your part to change what you have already written and without striving for per- for, uh, without striving for per- for perfection, without striving for perfection for its own sake in those instances where it is more important to finish what you have begun. You will be able to break free your writing down into small segments which can be comfortably fitted into time you have at your disposal enabling you to maintain a pace which is both productive and enjoyable without feeling unduly rushed or under pressure. And when writing period is over or each segment of the work is completed, you will experience strong feelings of pride, accomplishments, achievements which stem from an ever-growing realization that you are employing your abilities completely, fully, and well. Well done! Well done! (laughs) Well done. Writing will thus be experienced as a spontaneous, natural, and joyous process and will enable you to make the fullest use of your creative potential. Sports enhancements. When you do it right, when you feel that the program, its training is correctly working perfectly and that what you want is the outcome that yous come out properly is the outcome you have, then reach with your right hand and pull and tap your right shoulder, or use your right hand to pull your right ear. That is the cue to your unconscious mind that you're doing it the right way. If it's the r- bad way, then take your left hand-

... hand and pull your left ear. When we recognize that we did the right thing and then when we did the wrong thing, it can be used in rehearsing a specific skill. For instance, after a golfer has made two or three perfect practice swings or mental images, the right shoulder may be touched to program it, and then he is going to go ahead and hit the shot. The principle to program is very specifically how the person wants to perform, and to be very specific about the arousal level, and to use post-hypnotic cues. Always focus on how you want to perform. Always focus on how you want to perform. (paper rustles) I'd like to tell you about a friend of mine who had used to be a wonderful runner. He was a runner who could run the hundred meters faster than any junior high school kid in his city or several surrounding cities. He was so much faster than anyone his age that as... he consistently ran away from his competition. The interesting thing about him was that he seemed to run faster and faster as he approached the tape, and the coaches were often heard to comment on how strong and how fast at the end of the race he was. He dominated all the other s- high school, uh, tracks where he meet- uh, particularly was strong throughout his high school years. He didn't know to sw- win in high school, though while he consistently won, the competition seemed to be getting better. He knew that while he was running well, if not better than he'd ever run in his life, but for some reason unknown to him, others seemed to be a- also going... uh, getting faster. He began to realize that he often barely beat his competitors as they got to the finish line. This young man was such a fine competitor that he was offered an athletic scholarship at a university for his strong track teams. He continued to d- compete well, but for the first time in his life, he became... began aware that there were others who were not only very fast, but probably had a good chance at beating him. As hard as he would run, the competition seemed to edge even closer, making each race one that he could barely win. The time came when, in one important event, he lost a close race, and then little by little, even though he continued to win most of the races, he would occasionally lose. Since he knew that he was running faster and harder than he'd ever run before, the whole reason for losing was a mystery to him. He was fortunate to have a coach who cared a great deal about him personally and about his performances. The coach had a keen eye and a particularly good ability to analyze running styles. After watching the sprinter in several races, the coach came to him and said, "I think you discovered your problem. You have always been a very strong and a very fast runner, but you've never learned to use the starting blocks. And in fact, you nev- you really do not know how to f- start very fast at all. You really do not know how to start very fast at all. The result is that you are always running faster and faster and faster in an attempt to catch up with the competition, rather than leading it... the competition from the beginning. This has resulted in your sometimes winning, but sometimes losing to those who know how to come out of the starting blocks even faster." In the end, because of effective coaching and a willingness of this athlete to listen, he learned to charge out of the blocks quickly, and while he was still possible for him to lose on occasions, he rarely lost once he had learned to put the whole race together, beginning with a fast start and ending with a strong and quick finish. Many of you have heard of the rather famous artist who lived some years named Vincent van Gogh. His paintings now command a very high price, even though he was not as well known in his own lifetime, perhaps because he acted in some very peculiar ways and had such a violent temper that he would get totally out of control for periods of time. In fact, in one such a period of rage, he became so angry at a situation that he could not control, that he cut off his own ear. Oh my gosh, what foolishness! The really sad thing about what he did, besides losing his ear, was that most other people simply thought that he was acting like a crazy man, and they didn't really have a lot of sympathy for him. I suppose they would have respected and befriended him more and more if he had acted more appropriate behavior rather than simply looking stupid by allowing his anger to go un... to, uh, get... to allow, uh, bl- His effort to gain attention and to show others how bad he felt only resulted in others not wanting to have as much to do with him. And in the final analysis, he only ended up looking kind of silly walking around with one ear. (paper rustles) As a result of what I'm about to tell you now, you will find that any negative aspects of sports performance which might have troubled you in the past will have greatly diminished in importance as time goes on. Their importance will continue to decrease with each passing day. You will find yourself adopting a much brighter outlook in which the positive aspects of playing and allure of success have taken on a great deal of more appeal.... and in this more positive frame of mind, you will come to experience wonderful new feelings of strength and energy as you find yourself looking forward eagerly to each new challenge, wanting more than ever to play and play to win. Any physiological or psychological barriers or obstacles which might have been keeping you from performing well are now eliminated. Bam! You are now able to look forward to each new game, to each new opportunity, to then secure the knowledge of your own abilities and of the vast potential within you for further growth. Nothing is holding you back any longer. Nothing is holding you back any longer. Every barrier, every obstacle has been removed. Now you are completely free, now you are completely free, now you are completely free to develop all the vast potential within you to its fullest extent, and as you proceed, as you proceed, the successive winning will be experienced as infinitely richer and more rewarding than it has ever before. Whereas the sting of the occasional setback you may still encounter will be so considerably diminished that you will scarcely notice it. You will be able to accept any occasional reversal calmly and philosophically as the small price which must be paid to experience the rich joys of playing and winning. And even the occasional losing streak will no longer be able... will nov- will now be of no undue concern to you. Since playing itself has become so enjoyable, you will be able to derive satisfaction from any game regardless of the outcome. All these changes will naturally result in marked improvements in your training, your preparation, and in everything which contributes to your pro- actual performance. You will make sure that you get all the rest that you require, and you'll be able to sleep soundly and well. You will be able to do whatever else is necessary as part of your training and preparation. You will not waste time and energy worrying about the past or future performance. For each and every time you play, you will feel yourself, you will feel yourself improving each and every time you play. Regardless of whether you win or lose, you will take continuing pride in your strategy and skill, and in your timing and coordination. And each time you play, you will find that you are advancing closer and closer and closer and closer of becoming the player and salesman you want to be. You are now so deeply relaxed that all the suggestions that I'm going to give you now will be firmly, firmly, firmly fixed in the unconscious part of your mind. So firmly fixed, so securely embedded, so perfectly set, so deeply embedded that nothing will remove them. Everything, everything, everything that I tell you that is going to happen to you will happen exactly as I tell you. Every feeling and sensation that I tell you that you are going to experience, you will experience just as I tell. And these things will happen ex- uh, exactly when you run, when you work, when you improve, when you try. This entire project is really an experiment on human potentiality. Business experts have discovered that most people

... tend to underestimate their own capabilities. There are really two major factors that allow you to do your best at business. The first, of course, is really wanting to do well, and wanting to do well with the exercise task that you are going to perform better than ever. This is something with which you are already familiar with, improving now. But the second one, little thing changed, in your favor, which is now even more important, to remember the things that work and forget the things that don't, is something which you may not know about. Try something new. This is the fact that if you realize in advance the things ordinarily make you think that you have reached your limits, you will be able to keep on going beyond that point where you were beginning to experience those feelings of discomfort. Most people use discomfort and fatigue, "Oh, I'm tired. I'm tired." Most people who used it, "Ooh, it hurts," or, "Ooh, I'm tired," are signs that they should stop (smacks table) what they're doing. Nope. They failed to recognize that discomfort or fatigue are the first signs that they are approaching their maximum performance levels. In fact, they should be going into the zone. They should be in the flow. They should be in the zone. Most people generally assume that they, when they start feeling uncomfortable, that that feeling would get worse, but actually, it gets smaller and goes away, and now you're in the zone to stay. You're in the zone to stay, getting better and more focused, and better and better and better and better, and focused, and better, and improving, and better, and letting in the learning set in. I am taking it for granted that you are here because you really want to be and that you are really eager to explore your potential and to do your utmost on these tasks. In that case, the thing that you really must keep in mind is the importance of noticing each sign of discomfort or fatigue and then using it as the stimulus to keep on going, keep on going, keep on going. You're just getting started, or just popping off, or just getting into second wind, or just popping off, or just doing her second lap, or just in her third lap, or just in her fourth lap, or just in her fifth lap, or just in... Then put it aside in your mind and concentrate on the improving itself. Concentrate on the training itself. Concentrate on the exercise itself. Concentrate on what you're doing now. It is terribly important to us in this experiment to find out exactly how much you can do with these tasks. The outcome of this experiment cannot be successful unless you cooperate by giving us your absolute maximum performance is necessary every day of practice and practice. This is not going to be easy, for it is going to take practice and practice and practice, every ounce of concentration, every ounce of effort, and every ounce of willpower that you can muster. Do you have any Grey Poupon? I want you to give it, you everything that you have got, to feel the strain all through your body and to use that strain and effort to your advantage, using every resource within you. Make this a total effort. Go all the way. Don't give up. You can do it. All aboard. All in. 100%. Good job. As you run and work and improve and train and sell and read longer and longer and longer and longer and longer periods of times, you may experience certain symptoms. You may experience a feeling of heaviness in arms or breathlessness of legs, a feeling of tightness in the chest, or a sensation of discomfort in the throat or mouth. You might get or develop a sense of fatigue after you've been improving for some time. As you start to experience any of these sensations, this will be a stimulus for you to improve even harder. As a result of this, you will find that you are able to go on and go on and that you actually improve through this experience, or that you become less aware of whatever discomfort you were experiencing. You will feel as though you could go on improving for longer and longer and longer and longer periods of time. You will feel a greater desire to give a total effort, to use every bit of willpower that is within you. You will actually run through your most difficult period and, no matter how tired you start to become, this will act as a stimulus so that you can continue running, continue improving, continue working, continue selling, continue reading without becoming distressed. As you concentrate on my voice so that all these things that I am telling you will act on you when the time comes for you to perform the exercise task, what I would like you to do is write a goodbye letter in your mind. Allow yourself to visualize and see a pad of paper. It could be a yellow pad of paper, a yellow pad of paper with lines on it, a yellow pad of paper with no lines on it. Do you visualize a pen? Good. Now imagine writing the goodbye letter, and as you begin to write, just say everything that you're writing out loud. And as you write, you'll begin to notice that heavy burden is being lifted, lifted up, lifted up, lifted away, lifted and gone.And in being quiet and comfortable and confident, you find yourself being calm inside, with the necessary amount of activation in f... of your psychophysiology and your mind to be outgoing and warm, and friendly and talkative, without excessive a... activation, without excessive energy, without nervousness, or talking, or laughter. And this is because you're aware that others need the opportunity to share with you about themselves, and your ability to listen, and your ability to give them that opportunity, that creates them a warm feeling for yourself, possibly a feeling of curiosity about them that allows them and you to listen while they're talking without interrupting, because what they're saying is interesting and important for them. This experience will provide you with a great deal more confidence in yourself, which will be reflected in the greater ease and skill with which you will be able to deal with others. You will be great deal less aware of yourself and a great deal more attentive to those around you. You will be much more interested in what other people have to say, and much more able to lose yourself in the topic of conversation. As you come to derive more and more enjoyment out of talking to others, you will find yourself constantly a v... alert for qualities, attributes, and achievements which are justly deserving of praise, and you'll be able and willing to unstingly provide it. At the same time, you will be able to exercise a great deal of restraint over any anger or impatience you may have over the shortcomings of other people, and if you should happen to feel that another person is unfairly taking advantage of you in some way, you will be able to phrase your objections kindly and tactfully in a manner which you will be enable you to speak up for your own rights without becoming unduly emotional and without the other party unnecessarily taking offense. As your confidence and skills improve, you'll become vastly more sensitive to the emotional needs of those around you, and you'll be able to find new sources of wisdom and understanding which will help you to meet those new needs. There will be many people who will be able to look upon you as a friend to whom they can turn for comfort, for reassurance, and for advice, and there will be many with whom... who will be able to look to you as upon... as a friend in return. Your own life will consequently take on a great deal more meaning, and you'll be able to enrich the lives of those around you considerably. According to mythology, there was once a very accomplished sculptor who lived in the island of Cyrus. His name was Hector. Hector was a man of specific and definite expectations that he couldn't be satisfied. He simply could not find a woman to equal his concept of beauty. So he found some very beautiful, pure white marble, and in his studio, he sculpted the image in his mind. He created in stone his conception of a beautiful, perfect woman. He continued to search and look everywhere for this perfect woman to match his sculpture, but he was so critical that he f-

Found something wrong with every woman he saw. No one could match the statue's beauty. He was so in love with the perfect image that he had in his mind that he finally prayed to the goddess Aphrodite, pleading with her to help him find a woman who was equal and would be as lovely as the sculpture. But being a wise, Aphrodite knew his expectations were too high and uncompromising. She knew that no woman could ever live up to all of these expectations, so it is said that she breathed life into the statue, and Hector named her Galatea and married his own creation. And I wonder if many of our expe- problems in relationships were not being caused by being like Hector, wanting our partners to be perfect clones of ourselves and our expectations... Rather than accepting and respecting their differences. (paper rustling)