This is dedicated to Amy, the shark diver that likes to dive with bull sharks, angel sharks, great white sharks, whale sharks- Oh, did you see other, like, cool things? Like, remember by that one moray eel, the little tiny fish that was by its mouth? It looked like, um, almost like an angelfish, but it had, like, exaggerated long- Yeah, uh- It was real tiny. What the hell was that? No, I don't know what that was. Right by the eel? I know- Yeah. She stuck her hand right next to it. It was crazy. She was, she, we were in too deep. I think it was just, like, a little fish. Hey, hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey, hey. We were going too deep. And that was with the oxygen. Going too deep. Like, what's freaking me out was when I told her- Going too deep. ... the oxygen thing wasn't working. I was like, "There's no way." Going too deep. Going too deep. They can't accept that. They went so deep. 36? 100 feet down. And then when I told her that- 100 feet down. ... that was, like, the max she could do- 100 feet down where we walked in. She's swimming. Keep talking, keep talking about the sharks that we stalking. You didn't wanna use the oxygen machine because she had misabused her authority because she couldn't even get the oxygen down to the right percentage. It could have been poisonous at 37, perhaps 38% oxygen in the nitrogen tank. She had the oxygen analyzer. Don't be a fool. You gotta be... Know the rules. We did the certifications for many days when... That's before we came and bought the air ******* tickets, airplane tickets. We went down super diving, and we ain't scared of them bull sharks. She's trying to rough rile of them great white sharks. We again don't drink no Land Shark Beer when we're on the sand sharks. We chilling out, getting tans. It's on when we throwing the football. Good, clean fun. Also some, causing some ruckus here and there on the side, but not really being bad guys. Just being wise guys. Well, forget about it. Forget about it. What you know about it? You're going down 100 feet without, without doing much damage, or dying early. Man, I need my internet connection. Sucks, doesn't it?