Please let me have some of the cashew milk, please. You do. I asked for a chance to have any of it. You keep ... Yeah. And then you can drink the cashew milk. You drank all of it. And yeah, I drank half the cashew milk, but I'll re-up it again. I'll re-up my own cashew milk. You can count on it soon. I'm a black belt in this white belt game. About to chop everybody's heads off with the side of my hands, like Bruce Lee chopping all the styles down 100 at a time. About to do some shit Wiseguy, like Al Pacino went in a different movie, picking up baskets of millions of dollars at the airport. Come home, tell everybody not to buy any extra cars or fancy garments like luxury. Wolf clone. Yo, the dude came in the bar in a brand new pink Cadillac. Yo, what did we tell you about flossing your money? Walking around like you're famous young honey bun bunny. Yo, yo, motherfucker, young honey, listen to me. Yo, we'll smack you in the face ten, 25 ways. The dude's about to get drilled, screwed, drilled in the back of his head in the back of the car. He talks way too much shit way too long, dripping and ragging, pissing and tossing and turning in bed and, yo, begging and begging for his cut of the money. They decide, fuck this dude entirely. Just screw him in the back of the head in the car with the screwdriver. Super hard. Super ... Amy, that's not what I'm p-doing. This is a movie that we are refusing to play on the radios. People don't want to see any more stethoscopes that show abnormal heart rhythms due to the vaccines that they wanted to take home and go to the doctor or the dentist that Amy work with and shoot up people with DNA changing mutants. X-men creation, DNA mutation. They turn in X-Men. People live flipping up and down, drinking books upside down like a, yo, some people have cyclops eyes shooting lasers in different radio waves. They have different ladies that can fly around like Storm in the movie X-Men. He's new Wolverine type of dude, just starting to flex their hands like they're fucking the Floss Man, Uncle Flex Man. Me and Amy go to the gym and be happy with the good vibes, h- hyper good vibes. Those are some good signs. When Amy comes home and she has good vibes, she must rein in her vibe and send out good vibes, create good vibes. Yo, that was then, this is now. Every day it's super kapow. It's got to be one moment at a time. I can't t- you know ... If it, yesterday you stubbed your foot or broke your leg, I understand, but we're just talking about getting sleep at a certain time. You got, you got to get up at 3:00. I got up when you got up. I was out of bed. I h- I heard, you know, I'm awake. My consciousness turns awake when you get up, so ... You know, I may not have been in the car at the same time that you were, but I, I've been, God was up throughout the whole time and not deep sleep. Yo. Uh, uh.