

THE  
STRUCTURE '         
OF MAGIC 
II
 
By JOHN 
GRINDER 
and 
RICHARD BANDLER 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

Science and Behavior Books, Inc. 
Palo Alto, California 94306 
© Copyright 1976 by Science and Behavior Books, Inc. Printed in the United 
States of America. All rights reserved. This book or parts thereof may not be 
reproduced in any form without written permission of the Publisher. 
Library of Congress Card Number 75-12452 
ISBN 08314-0049-8 
Typography by Penguin « Santa Clara, California 
/ft). 

To 
Leslie Cameron 
one of the world's most creative 
family therapists 
and to 
Steve Gilligan 
one of the world's most effective 
hypnotists 
with our 
deepest respect 
30 i 5 3 a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

 

Table Of Contents
 
PARTI 
Representational Systems — Other Maps For The 
Same Territory   ............................................ ,............     1 
PART II 
Incongruity   ......................................................................  27 
PART III 
Fuzzy Functions    ............................................................. 97 
PART IV 
Family Therapy — The Delicate Flower     ......................... 123 
PARTV 
Formal Notation    ............................................................. 163 
Epilogue   ................................................................................ 195 
Bibliography    ......................................................................... 197 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

 

PARTI 
Representational Systems 
Other Maps For The 
Same Territory 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

 

Representational Systems / 3 
INTRODUCTION 
In Volume  One  of  The  Structure  of  Magic  we  began  the  
process  of  making  the  magical  skills  of  potent  psychotherapists  
available to other practitioners in a learnable and explicit form. We 
presented  to  you  the  intuitions  these  psychotherapeutic  wizards  
have about language in a step-by-step form so that you could train 
yourself to use your own intuitions, thereby increasing your skill. 
In this second volume, we intend to present more of the intuitions 
these  wizards  have  about  language,  and  to  extend  our  work  to  
include  the  intuitions  and  systematic  behavior  of  these  wizards  
relative  to  other  ways  a  human  being  can  both  represent  and  
communicate his world. While you read this volume, we would 
like you to keep in mind several aspects of The Structure of Magic I. 
Human  beings  live  in  a  "real  world."  We  do  not,  however,  
operate  directly  or  immediately  upon  that  world,  but,  rather,  we  
operate  within  that  world  using  a  map  or  a  series  of  maps  of  that  
world  to  guide  our  behavior  within  it.  These  maps,  or  representa-
tional  systems,  necessarily  differ  from  the  territory  that  they  
model  by  the  three  universal  processes  of  human  modeling:  
Generalization, Deletion, and Distortion. When people come to us 
in  therapy  expressing  pain  and  dissatisfaction,  the  limitations  
which they experience are, typically, in their representation of the 
world and not in the world itself. 
The  most  thoroughly  studied  and  best  understood  of  the  
representational  systems  of  human  modeling  maps  is  that  of  
human language. The most explicit and complete model of natural 
language  is  transformational  grammar.  Transformational  grammar  
is,  therefore,  a  Meta-model  —  a  representation  of  the  structure  of  
human  language  —  itself  a  representation  of  the  world  of  
experience. 
Human  language  systems  are,  themselves,  derived  representa-
tions of a more complete model — the sum total of the experience 
the  particular  human  being  has  had  in  his  life.  Transformational  
linguists have developed a number of concepts and mechanisms to 
describe how the way that people speak — their Surface Structures 
—  is  actually  derived  from  their  full  linguistic  representation  —  the  
Deep  Structures.  The  transformational  Meta-models  describe  these  
concepts and mechanisms explicitly — they are specific cases of 
the  general  modeling  processes  of  Generalization,  Distortion  and  
Deletion. 
In  adapting  the  concepts  and  mechanisms  of  the  transforma-
tional model of the human representational system of language for 
the purposes of therapy, we developed a formal Meta-model for 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

AI PART. 
therapy. This formal Meta-model is: 
(a) Explicit — that is, it describes the process of therapy in a 
step-by-step manner, guaranteeing that the Meta-model is 
learnable; this results in an explicit strategy for therapy. 
(b) Independent of content — dealing with the form of the 
process and, therefore, having universal applicability. 
The Meta-model relies only upon the intuitions which every native 
speaker  has  of  his  language.  The  overall  implication  of  the  Meta-
model  for  therapy  is  the  assumption  of  well-formed  in  therapy.  
Well-formed  in  therapy  is  a  set  of  conditions  which  the  Surface  
Structures  the  client  uses  in  therapy  must  meet  in  order  to  be  
acceptable.  Using  this  appropriate  grammar  for  therapy,  we,  as  
therapists, can assist our clients in expanding the portions of their 
representations  which  impoverish  and  limit  them.  This  results  in  
enriching  their  lives  in  such  a  way  that  they  experience  more  
options  in  their  behavior,  more  opportunities  to  experience  the  
joys  and  richness  that  life  has  to  offer.  When  integrated  with  the  
people-helper  skills  which  you,  as  a  therapist,  already  have  avail-
able  to  you,  this  process  of  growth  and  change  is  profoundly  
accelerated. This language of growth, then, is truly an essential part 
of The Structure of Magic. 
THE MAP IS NOT THE TERRITORY 
One  of  the  important  conclusions  we  established  in  Magic  I  is 
that  the  map  necessarily  differs  from  the  territory  it  is  repre-
senting,  and  that  each  map  will  differ  from  every  other  map  in  
some way. The map or model that we have been referring to so far 
is a simplification of a more complex process. In fact, the map we 
have  been  referring  to  is  actually  a  series  of  maps  which  result  
when  we  model  our  experiences  by  using  what  we  call  representa-
tional systems. 
INPUT CHANNELS 
There  are  three  major  input  channels  by  which  we,  as  human  
beings,  receive  information  about  the  world  around  us  —  vision, 
audition, and kinesthetics (body sensations). (The remaining two 

Representational Systems / 5 
most commonly accepted sensory input channels — smell and taste 
—  are,  apparently,  little  utilized  as  ways  of  gaining  information  
about  the  world.)
1
  Each  of  these  three  sensory  input  channels  
provides us with an ongoing stream of information which we use 
to  organize  our  experience.  Within  each  of  these  input  channels,  
there  are  a  number  of  specialized  receptors  which  carry  specific  
kinds of information. For example, neurophysiologists have distin-
guished  chromatic  (color)  receptors  within  the  eye  —  the  cones  
located  in  the  center  or  fovea  of  the  eye  —  from  the  chromatic  
(non-color)  receptors  —  the  rods  located  in  the  periphery  of  the  
eye. Again, in the kinesthetic input channel, specialized receptors 
for  pressure,  temperature,  pain  and  deep  senses  (proprioceptors)  
have been shown to exist. The number of distinctions in each of 
the  input  channels  is  not  limited  by  the  number  of  specialized  
receptors  in  each  of  these  channels.  Combinations  or  recurring  
patterns  of  stimulation  of  one  or  more  of  these  specialized  recep-
tors in each of the sensory channels provide information of a more 
complex  nature.  For  example,  the  common  experience  of  wetness  
can  be  broken  down  into  a  combination  of  several  of  the  kines-
thetically  different,  specialized  receptors  within  the  major  recep-
tors.  Furthermore,  the  input  channels  may  combine  to  provide  
information  of  an  even  more  complex  nature.  For  example,  we  
receive  the  experience  of  texture  through  a  combination  of  visual,  
kinesthetic and (in some cases) auditory stimulations. 
For  our  purposes  at  this  point,  we  need  only  point  out  that  
information  received  through  one  of  the  input  channels  may  be  
stored  or  represented  in  a  map  or  model  which  is  different  from  
that  channel.  Perhaps  the  most  frequently  occurring  example  of  
this  is  the  ability  that  each  of  us  has  to  represent  visual  informa-
tion, say, in the form of natural language — that is, words, phrases, 
and  sentences  of  our  language.  Probably  as  frequent,  but  not  
usually  consciously  recognized,  is  our  ability  to  make  pictures  or  
images  out  of  the  information  we  receive  through  the  auditory  
channel. As I sit here typing this sentence, I hear the crackling and 
hissing sound of logs burning in the fireplace behind me. Using this 
auditory  information  as  input,  I  create  the  image  of  the  logs  
burning.  Thus,  I  create  a  visual  representation  from  auditory  
input.  If,  at  this  point,  you,  the  reader,  were  to  pause  and  allow  
yourself  to  become  aware  of  the  sounds  around  you  without  
shifting  the  focus  of  your  eyes,  you  would  find  yourself  able  to  
create  visual  images  for  many  of  the  sounds  you  detected.  This  
ability  to  create  representations  of  input  from  one  input  channel  
based  upon  information  coming  from  another  channel  will  be  the  
topic of discussion later in this volume. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

6 / PARTI REPRESENTATIONAL 
SYSTEMS 
Each  of  us,  as  a  human  being,  has  available  a  number  of  
different  ways  of  representing  our  experience  of  the  world.  
Following are some examples of the representational systems each 
of us can use to represent our experiences. 
We  have  five  recognized  senses  for  making  contact  with  the  
world  —  we  see, we hear, we feel, we taste and  we  smell. In 
addition  to  these  sensory  systems,  we  have  a  language  system  
which  we  use  to  represent  our  experience.  We  may  store  our  
experience  directly  in  the  representational  system  most  closely  
associated  with  that  sensory  channel.  We  may  choose  to  close  our  
eyes and create a visual image of a red square shifting to green and 
then  to  blue,  or  a  spiral  wheel  of  silver  and  black  slowly  revolving  
counter-clockwise,  or  the  image  of  some  person  we  know  well.  Or,  
we  may  choose  to  close  our  eyes  (or  not)  and  to  create  a  kines-
thetic  representation  (a  body  sensation,  a  feeling),  placing  our  
hands  against  a  wall  and  pushing  as  hard  as  we  can,  feeling  the  
tightening  of  the  muscles  in  our  arms  and  shoulders,  becoming  
aware  of  the  texture  of  the  floor  beneath  our  feet.  Or,  we  may  
choose to become aware of the prickling sensation of the heat of 
the  flames  of  a  fire  burning,  or  of  sensing  the  pressure  of  several  
light blankets covering our sighing bodies as we sink softly into 
our beds. Or we may choose to close our eyes (or not) and create 
an  auditory  (sound)  representation  —  the  patter  of  tinkling  rain-
drops,  the  crack  of  distant  thunder  and  its  following  roll  through  
the once-silent hills, the squeal of singing tires on a quiet country 
road,  or  the  blast  of  a  taxi  horn  through  the  deafening  roars  of  a  
noisy city. Or we may close our eyes and create a gustatory (taste) 
representation  of  the  sour  flavor  of  a  lemon,  or  the  sweetness  of  
honey, or the saltiness of a stale potato chip. Or we may choose to 
close  our  eyes  (or  not)  and  create  an  olfactory  (smell)  representa-
tion  of  a  fragrant  rose,  or  rancid  milk,  or  the  pungent  aroma  of  
cheap perfume. 
Some of you may have noticed that, while reading through the 
descriptions  of  the  above  paragraph,  you  actually  experienced  
seeing a particular color or movement; feeling hardness, warmth, 
or roughness; hearing a specific sound; experiencing certain tastes 
or  smells.  You  may  have  experienced  all  or  only  some  of  these  
sensations.  Some  of  them  were  more  detailed  and  immediate  for  
you than others. For some of the descriptions you may have had 
no  experience  at  all.  These  differences  in  your  experiences  are  
exactly  what  we  are  describing.  Those  of  you  who  had  a  sharp,  
clear picture of some experience have a rich, highly developed, 

Representational Systems / 7 
visual  representational  system.  Those  of  you  who  were  able  to  
develop  a  strong  feeling of  weight,  temperature,  or  texture  have  a  
refined,  highly  developed  kinesthetic  representational  system.  And  
so on with the other possible ways associated with our five senses 
that we, as humans, have of representing our experiences. 
Notice  that  the  description  in  the  last  paragraph  is  missing  
something.  Specifically,  each  of  the  descriptions  in  the  paragraph  
before  it  about  visual,  kinesthetic,  auditory,  gustatory  and  olfac-
tory  experiences  was  not  represented  in  those  specific  sensory  
systems,  but  rather  in  an  altogether  different  system  —  a  language  
system  —  the  digital representational  system.  We  described  with  
words,  phrases  and  sentences  the  experiences  in  the  different  
representational  systems.  We  selected  these  words  carefully  —  for  
example,  if  we  want  to  describe  something  in  a  visual  representa-
tional system, we select words such as: 
black. . . clear. . . spiral. . . image 
If we want to describe something in an auditory system, we select 
words such as: 
tinkling. . . silent. . . squeal. . . blast 
This  sentence  is  an  example  of  the  way  that  we  represent  our  
experience in the language. This ability which we have to represent 
our  experiences  in  each  of  our  different  representational  systems  
with words — that is, in the digital system — identifies one of the 
most  useful  characteristics  of  language  representational  systems  —  
their  universality.  That  is  to  say,  by  using  our  language  represen-
tational systems, we are able to present our experience of any of 
the other representational systems. Since this is true, we refer to 
our language system as the digital system. We can use it to create a 
map of our world. When we use the sentence: 
He showed me some vivid images. 
we are creating a language map of our visual map of some experi-
ence  which  we  have  had.  We  may  choose  to  create  a  language  
representation  by  combining  different  representational  systems.  
When we use the sentence: 
She  reeled  backwards,  tripping  over  the  screaming  animal  
writhing with pain from bitter smoke choking the sunlight 
out. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

% I PART I 
we are using a language representation which presupposes a series 
of  maps  of  our  experience,  at  least  one  from  each  of  these  five  
representational systems. 
visual and kinesthetic maps; visual 
and kinesthetic maps; visual and 
kinesthetic maps; an auditory map; 
kinesthetic and visual maps; a 
kinesthetic map; gustatory and 
olfactory maps. 
In  addition  to  serving  as  a  way  
of  creating  maps  of  the  five  representational  systems,  language  
also permits us to use it to create a model or a map of itself. For 
example,  the  previous  sentence  is  a  representation  in  a  language  
system  of  one  of  the  characteristics  of  that  same  representational  
system    (language    )    —    just    like    this    one    is.    Language    
representational   systems   are   reflexive,   Meta   representational   
systems.  That  is,  we  may  create  a  language  model  of  language  
itself   as   well   as   using   it   to   create   maps   of   the   other   five   
representational systems. 
For example:  
reel 
presupposes
backwards 
presupposes
tripping 
presupposes
screaming 
presupposes
writhing 
presupposes
pain 
presupposes
bitter 
presupposes
At this point, you may have noticed that it is easier for you to 
create  an  experience  which  is  more  vivid  in  one  of  these  represen-
tational  systems  than  in  others.  For  instance,  you  may  be  able  to  
close  your  eyes  and  see  very  clearly  your  closest  friend  but  find  it  
difficult  to  fully  experience  the  smell  of  a  rose.  Or  you  may  have  
found  it  easy  to  experience  hearing  a  taxi  horn,  but  found  it  very  
difficult  to  picture  in  your  mind  your  closest  friend.  To  some  
degree, each of us has, potentially, the ability to create maps in 
each  of  the  five  representational  systems.  However,  we  tend  to  use  
one or more of these representational systems as a map more often 
than the others. We also tend to have more distinctions available in 
this same representational system to code our experience, which is 
to  say  that  we  more  highly  value  one  or  more  of  these  represen-
tational  systems.
2
  For  instance,  those  of  you  who  have  a  highly  
valued  visual  representational  system  will  have  been  able  to  close  
your  eyes  and  vividly  "see"  a  red  square  which  became  green  and  
then  blue.  Also,  you  probably  were  able  to  make  a  very  rich,  clear  
picture  of  your  closest  friend.  It  is  likely  that  you  assume  that  
other  people  who  read  this  book  will  have  this  same  experience.  
This  is  not  true  in  all  cases.  The  representational  systems  that  are  
highly  valued  and  highly  developed  in  each  of  us  will  differ,  either  
slightly or dramatically. Many people can make only vague pic- 

Representational Systems / 9 
tures  and  some,  no  pictures  at  all.  Some  people  must  try  for  an  
extended period of time before they are capable of making a vivid 
image,  and  some  can  create  a  vivid  image  almost  instantly.  This  
wide variation in the capability to create a visual representation is 
also true of all the other representational systems. 
Thus, each person's map or model of the world will differ both 
from  the  world  and  from  the  maps  and  models  created  by  other  
people.  Furthermore,  each  person  will  have  a  most  highly  valued  
representational  system  which  will  differ  from  the  most  highly  
valued  representational  system  of  some  other  person.  From  this  
fact  —  namely,  that  person  X has  a  most  highly  valued  represen-
tational  system  that  differs  from  that  of  person  Y —  we  can  
predict  that  each  will  have  a  dramatically  different  experience  
when faced with the "same" real world experience. 
For example, when a musician listens to a piece of music, he 
has  a  more  complex  experience  —  he  will  be  able  to  detect,  
represent  and  enjoy  patterns  of  sound  which  will  not  be  experi-
enced  by  a  person  whose  most  highly  developed  system  is  visual  
(either  consciously  or  behaviorally).  A  painter  will  be  able  to  make  
distinctions in his experience of a sunset which are not available to 
a  person  whose  most  highly  developed  representational  system  is  
kinesthetic.  A  connoisseur  of  fine  wines  will  detect  subtle  differ-
ences in the bouquet and flavor of distinct wines which cannot be 
detected  by  people  whose  most  highly  developed  representational  
systems are not taste and smell used together. 
IDENTIFYING THE MOST HIGHLY VALUED 
REPRESENTATIONAL SYSTEM 
In order to identify which of the representational systems is 
the  client's  most  highly  valued  one,  the  therapist  needs  only  to  
pay attention to the predicates which the client uses to describe 
his  experience.  In  describing  his  experience,  the  client  makes  
choices  (usually  unconsciously)  about  which  words  best  represent  
his  experience.  Among  these  words  are  a  special  set  called  predi-
cates. Predicates  are  words  used  to  describe  the  portions  of  a  
person's  experience  which  correspond  to  the  processes  and  rela-
tionships  in  that  experience.  Predicates  appear  as  verbs,  adjectives  
and  adverbs  in  the  sentences  which  the  client  uses  to  describe  his  
experience.  For  example,  in  the  following  sentence,  examples  of  
each of these categories of predicates occur: 
She saw the purple pajamas clearly. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

WI PART I The predicates in this 
sentence are: 
verb: saw 
adjective:     purple 
adverb:        clearly 
EXERCISES 
We will now present three exercises which will allow each of 
you to: 
A.   Sharpen your ability to identify predicates; 
B.    Determine   the   representational   system   or   systems 
implied by each; and, 
C.   Become conscious of the predicates used by several 
specific persons. 
EXERCISE A 
Predicates 
Identify the predicates in each of the sentences below. 
He felt badly about the way she verbs — felt, held 
held the crawling child. adjective — crawling 
adverb— badly 
The dazzling woman watched the verbs — watched, streak 
silver car streak past the glittering adjectives — dazzling, 
display. silver, glittering 
He called out loudly as he heard the verbs — called, heard 
squeal of the tires of the car in the adjective — quiet 
quiet streets. adverb — loudly 
The man touched the damp floor of verb — touched 
the musty building. adjectives — damp, musty 
EXERCISE B 
Representational Systems by Predicates 
After you have identified the predicates in the above sen-
tences,  return to them and determine which representational 

Representational Systems / 11 
system or systems each of them implies. Notice that some of them 
are  ambiguous  with  respect  to  representational  systems  —  for  
example,   the   predicate   light may   imply   either   a   kinesthetic   
representational system or a visual one, depending upon its use. 
Or, the predicate tighten in a sentence such as: 
She tightened her body. 
may imply a visual or a kinesthetic representation, as I can verify 
the  experience  described  in  the  sentence  either  by  touch  or  by  
watching the muscle contractions of the person's body. One way 
to  assist  yourself  when  you  are  uncertain  which  representational  
system is involved is to ask yourself what you would have to do to 
verify the description given by the predicate and its sentence. 
We  would  like  to  mention  at  this  time  that,  in  our  training  
seminars,  the  common  reaction  which  we  receive  to  identifying  
highly  valued  representational  systems  by  identifying  predicates  is  
one  of  disbelief.  We  would  like  you  to  realize  that  very  little  of  
natural  language  communication  is  really  metaphorical.  Most  
people,  in  describing  their  experiences,  even  in  casual  conversa-
tion,  are  quite  literal.  Comments  such  as  "I  see  what  you're  
saying"  are  most  often  communicated  by  people  who  organize  
their  world  primarily  with  pictures.  These  are  people  whose  most  
highly  valued  representational  system  is  visual.  And  they  are  
literally  "making  pictures"  out  of  what  they  hear.  Our  students  
first go through a stage of not believing this; secondly, they begin 
to  listen  to  people  in  this  new  way  and  become  amazed  at  what  
they  can  learn  about  themselves  and  those  around  them;  thirdly,  
they learn the value of this knowledge. 
We  hope  you  will  begin  to  listen  to  yourself  and  the  people  
around you. Specifically, we ask you to do the following exercise 
to develop these new skills. 
EXERCISE C Identifying 
Predicates of a Specific Person 
Choose  one  person  each  day  and  allow  yourself  to  become  
conscious  of  this  person's  predicates;  specifically,  identify  the  
representational  system  to  which  the  predicates  you  hear  belong.  
After  allowing  yourself  to  hear  and  to  identify  the  person's  
representational system, ask him directly how he is organizing his 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

12/ PARTI 
experience at this point in time. 
If  the  person's  representational  system  is  visual,  ask  the  
question: 
Do you make pictures in your head? 
Do you have visual images in your head as you are talking 
and listening to me? Can 
you see what I am saying? 
If  the  person's  representational  system  is  kinesthetic,  ask  the  
questions: 
Do you feel what you are saying? 
Are you in touch with what I am saying? 
If  the  person's  representational  system  is  auditory,  ask  the  
questions: 
Do you hear voices in your head? 
Do you hear what I am saying inside your head? 
Try these exercises. We assure you that you can learn a great 
deal about yourself and the human beings around you. We urge 
you  to  ask  any  questions  which  will  help  you  to  understand  the  
nature of how people organize their experiences in these different 
modes. 
OUTPUT CHANNELS 
Humans  not  only  represent  their  experiences  by  different  
representational  systems,  they  also  base  their  communication  on  
their representational systems. Communication occurs in a number 
of forms such as natural language, body posture, body movement, 
or  in  voice  qualities,  etc.  We  call  them  output  channels.  We  will  
return  to  a  discussion  of  these  communication  forms  later  in  this  
book. 

Representational Systems / 13 
META - SO WHAT 
SPEAKING THE CLIENT'S LANGUAGE 
So  far,  we  have  described  to  you  the  various  ways  in  which  
people  organize  their  experiences  by  creating  most  highly  valued  
representational  systems  such  as  visual,  kinesthetic,  auditory  and  
natural  language  representational  systems.  This  information  about  
the way your clients organize their worlds, once understood, can 
be valuable to you in a number cf ways. First, a therapist's ability 
to  understand  more  about  how  his  clients  experience  and  repre-
sent  the  world  will  enable  him  to  better  create  experiences  which  
they  may  use  to  change  their  lives.  For  example,  in  Chapter  6  of  
Magic  I,  we  described  a  number  of  ways  to  assist  the  therapist  in  
knowing when a particular technique is appropriate. For example, 
when  the  client  has  catastrophic  fears  of  some  future  event  for  
which  he  has  no  reference  structure,  a  guided  fantasy  or  sponta-
neous  dream  sequence  could  provide  this  reference  structure.  You  
might  note  at  this  point  that  fantasies  will  be  more  effective  with  
visuals than with auditory people. 
Next, consider how you, as a therapist, would decide to assist 
a  client  in  an  enactment  —  a  replay  of  a  past  experience.  If  the  
client  primarily  organizes  his  experience  visually  (with  pictures),  
then  one  way  of  helping  to  insure  that  he  will  have  a  way  of  
representing  the  experience  that  the  enactment  creates  is  to  have  
him choose other people to play the people in his past experience 
so  that  the  client  may  actually  see  the  enactment.  If  the  client  
organizes   his   experience   primarily   kinesthetically   (with   body   
sensations), then having him actively play the people involved in 
his past experience will better assist him in setting the feeling (of 
all of the people) of the enactment. 
As  we  pointed  out  in  Magic  I,  one  way  in  which  people  
impoverish  their  world  —  limit  themselves,  take  choices  away  from  
themselves  —  is  by  deleting  a  portion  of  their  experience.  When  a  
person leaves out an entire representational system, his model and 
his  experience  are  reduced.  By  identifying  the  client's  represen-
tational  system(s),  the  therapist  knows  what  parts  of  the  world,  
including the therapist, are available to the client. For example, if 
the  client  has  some  limitation  in  his  model  which  is  causing  him  
pain, and the coping pattern which is blocking him from changing 
requires that he be able to represent his experience visually, then 
the therapist knows which kind of an experience to design to assist 
the client in changing. Assisting a client in recovering an old, or 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

U/PARTI 
developing a new way of organizing his experience, whether being 
in touch, being clear sighted, or hearing acutely, is a powerful and 
moving experience for the client as well as for the therapist. 
TRUST 
A  second,  and  probably  the  most  important,  result  of  compre-
hending   your   client's   representational   system   is   trust.   Most   
psychotherapies  place  a  high  value  on  the  client's  trusting  the  
therapist,  but  this  is  very  rarely  taught  or  explicitly  understood.  
Your  client  will  trust  you  when  he  believes  that  first,  you  under-
stand him and, second, that you can help him to get more out of 
life.  The  important  question,  then,  is,  by  what  process  does  the  
client  create  this  belief?  This  is  closely  connected  to  asking  by  
what  representational  system  clients  organize  their  experiences.  
Suppose  that  we  have  a  client  who  has  a  kinesthetic  representa-
tional  system.  First,  we  listen  to  his  description  of  his  experience,  
then we check out our understanding of what he says (his model 
of the world) and phrase our questions — in fact, structure all of 
our  communication  with  him  —  with  kinesthetic  predicates.  Since  
this  particular  client  organizes  his  experience  kinesthetically,  if  we  
communicate with predicates that are kinesthetic, it will be easier 
for him both to understand our communication and to know (in 
this  case,  feel) that  we  understand  him.  This  process  of  shifting  
predicates  to  allow  our  clients  to  understand  our  communication  
with  greater  ease  is  the  basis  and  the  beginning  of  trust.  A  client  
such  as  the  one  described  above  would  feel that  the  therapist  
understood  him,  and  would  feel that,  since  the  therapist  was  
capable of understanding him, he was capable of helping him. 
EXERCISE 
Matching Predicates 
Choose  one  person  each  day  and  determine  by  listening  care-
fully  to  the  predicates  which  he  uses  what  is  his  most  highly  
valued  representational  system.  Then,  using  the  translation  table  
given  below,  adjust  your  own  language  responses  to  match  his  by  
using the response appropriate for his representational system. Use 
the table as follows: in the leftmost column is the meaning which 
you actually wish to communicate to this person; listed in the 

Representational Systems / 15 
adjacent columns are the equivalents in the three representational 
systems. 
Meaning 
I (don't) 
understand 
you. 
I want to 
communicate 
something to 
you. 
I like my 
experience of 
you and me at 
this point in 
time. 
Do you 
understand 
what I am 
saying? 
Kinesthetic 
What you are 
saying feels 
(doesn't feel) 
right to me. 
I want you to 
be in touch with 
something. 
This feels really 
good to me. I 
feel really good 
about what we 
are doing. 
Does what I 
am putting you 
in touch with 
feel right to 
you? 
Visual 
I see (don't 
see) what you 
are saying. 
I want to 
show you 
something (a 
picture of 
something). 
Show me a 
clear picture 
of what you 
see at this 
point in time. 
This looks 
really bright 
and clear to 
me. 
Do you see 
what I am 
showing you? 
Auditory 
I hear (don't 
hear) you clearly. 
I want you to 
listen carefully to 
what I say to 
you. 
Describe more     Put me in touch
of your present    with what you
experience to       are feeling at 
me.                        this                        point                        in 
time. 
Tell me in more 
detail what you 
are saying at this 
point in time. 
This sounds really 
good to me. 
Does what I am 
saying to you 
sound right to 
you? 
By consciously selecting your predicates to match those of the 
person  with  whom  you  want  to  communicate,  you  will  succeed  in  
accomplishing clearer and more direct communications. 
Once you can hear and understand the idea of representational 
systems,  you  then  can  make  this  piece  of  knowledge  the  basis  of  
your  knowing  how  to  structure  the  experiences  which  you  have  
with your clients. In this way, you can help them to begin to cope 
in new ways, which will make their lives better, and to fulfill  their  
hopes  and  dreams  to  make  their  lives  a  more  positive  growth  
experience. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

U/PARTI 
META-TACTICS I. 
MATCHING OR NOT MATCHING PREDICATES 
When  you  speak  and  when  you  ask  questions  of  your  clients,  
there is more going on than just an exchange of words. We devoted 
the whole first volume of The Structure of Magic to teaching how 
to  ask  questions  based  on  the  form  of  your  clients'  Surface  
Structure  communications.  The  representational  system  which  is  
presupposed  by  your  clients'  predicates  is  what  we  would  call  a  
Meta-form. If  you  want  your  client  to  understand  and  trust  you,  
you have the choice of matching predicates. When you are seeking 
information  from  your  client,  phrasing  questions  with  the  ap-
propriate  presupposed  representational  system  will  enable  the  
client to respond with greater ease and clarity. For example, when 
we  are  asking  for  information  from  a  visual,  we  can  phrase  ques-
tions in the following ways: 
How do you see the situation? 
What do you see stopping you? 
Or, when using the Meta-model with a kinesthetic, we will ask: 
How do you feel about this situation? 
What do you feel stops you? 
Switching  your  predicates  in  this  way  will  enable  your  clients  to  
provide you with more information. We have, in past years (during 
in-service  training  seminars),  noticed  therapists  who  asked  ques-
tions  of  their  clients  with  no  knowledge  of  representational  sys-
tems  used.  Typically,  they  use  only  predicates  of  their  own  most 
highly valued representational systems. This is an example: 
Client   (visual):   My  husband   just  doesn't  see   me  as a 
valuable person. 
Therapist (kinesthetic):  How do you feel about that? 
Client (visual):  What? 
Therapist   (kinesthetic):   How  do  you   feel   about  your 
husband's not feeling that you're a person? 
Client (visual): That's a hard question. I just don't know. 
This session went around and around until the therapist came out 
and said to the authors, 

Representational Systems j 17 
/ feel frustrated; this woman is just giving me a hard time. 
She's resisting everything I do. 
We  have  heard  and  seen  many  long,  valuable  hours  wasted  by  
therapists  in  this  form  of  miscommunication  with  their  clients.  
The therapist in the above transcript was really trying to help, and 
the  client  was  truly  trying  to  cooperate,  but  with  neither  of  them  
having  a  sensitivity  to  representational  systems.  Communication  
between  people  under  these  conditions  is  usually  haphazard  and  
tedious. The result is often name-calling, when a person attempts 
to communicate with someone who uses different predicates. 
Typically,  kinesthetics  complain  that  auditory  and  visual  
people  are  insensitive.  Visuals  complain  that  auditories  don't  pay  
attention to them because they don't make eye contact during the 
conversation.  Auditory  people  complain  that  kinesthetics  don't  
listen,  etc.  The  outcome  is  usually  that  one  group  comes  to  
consider the other deliberately bad or mischievous or pathological. 
However, we return to the basic premise of Magic I: 
In  coming  to  understand  how  people  continue  to  cause  
themselves  pain  and  dissatisfaction,  it  is  important  to  
realize  that  they  are  not  bad,  crazy  or  sick.  They  are,  in  
fact, making the best choice that they are aware of; that is, 
the  best  choice  available  in  their  model  of  the  world.  In  
other  words,  human  beings'  behavior,  no  matter  how  
bizarre it may seem, will make sense when it is viewed in 
the context of the choices generated by their models. 
If  a  person's  model  is  visually  based,  his  inability  to  answer  a  
question  which  presupposes  a  kinesthetic  representation  is  not  a  
form  of  resistence  but,  rather,  an  indicator  of  the  limits  of  his  
model.  His  inability  to  answer  such  questions  then  becomes  an  
asset to the therapist, indicating the kind of experience which will 
help  the  client  expand  his  model.  Since  this  particular  client's  
model  of  the  world  was  primarily  visual,  the  lack  of  kinesthetic  
and  auditory  representational  systems  could  be  the  source  of  her  
dissatisfaction  with  her  husband.  In  fact,  this  turned  out  to  be  
true.  The  authors  took  the  therapist  back  into  a  session  and  
proceeded to elicit the following information. 
The woman knew her husband didn't see her as valuable. 
Therapist:   How  do  you   know  he  doesn't  see  you  as 
valuable? 
Client:  I dress up for him and he doesn't notice.  (The 
client is assuming her husband also has a visual model 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

-\&/PARTI 
of the world, as she does.) 
Therapist: How do you know he doesn't notice? 
Client: He  just  paws  me  and  doesn't  even  look.  (He  re-
sponds  kinesthetically  and  doesn't  stand  back  far  
enough to see.) 
The  therapist  could  now  begin  the  process  of  teaching  this  
woman that her map is not the territory in two ways: first, she can 
learn  that  her  husband  experiences  the  world  differently  from  her  
and  that  her  mind  reading  (see  Magic  I,  Chapter  4)  is  not  her  
husband's  reality.  He  may,  in  fact,  have  noticed  her  and  is  re-
sponding  to  her  according  to  his  model  of  the  world  (i.e.,  kines-
thetically).  Second,  the  therapist  may  begin  the  process  of  
developing  in  this  woman  a  kinesthetic  representational  system  
which will expand her map of the world in many new ways. 
One of the ways to accomplish this is by deliberately matching 
predicates instead of haphazardly using unmatched predicates. The 
therapist may ask the woman in the above transcript: 
How do you feel as you see your husband not noticing 
you? 
The therapist recognizes as he asks this question that the client 
may  not  be  able  to  answer  it.  If  the  client  fails  to  repond,  the  
therapist  may  then  begin  instructing  her  in  developing  a  kines-
thetic representational system. 
Therapist: Close  your  eyes  and  now  make  a  picture  of  
your  husband.  Can  you  see  him?  (Client  nods.)  Good;  
now describe what you see. 
Client: He is just sitting in a chair, ignoring me. 
Therapist: As you look at this image, become aware of any 
body  sensations  in  your  stomach  or  tightness  in  your  
back or arms. What do you feel as you look? 
Client: I'm not sure. 
Therapist: Well, describe it as best you can. 
Client: I guess my back is a little stiff, and . . . 
Time  spent  in  this  way  will  allow  your  clients,  like  this  
woman, to develop representational systems for their maps. This, 
of  necessity,  will  increase  their  models  of  the  world  in  a  way  that  
allows  them  new  choices.  For  too  long,  different  approaches  to  
psychotherapy  have  pushed  right answers.  Some  therapies  have  
criticized auditory representation as being analytical and have said 

Representational Systems / 19 
that they need to be more in touch. Our experience has been that 
we  need  all  our  potential  will  offer  —  kinesthetic,  visual  and  
auditory.  The  techniques  and  forms  of  all  the  psychotherapies  
offer a vast resource to accomplish this goal. Many therapies offer 
techniques  which  put  people  more  in  touch.  Many  offer  tech-
niques which enable people to clearly see what goes on in their 
lives, and still others help people to hear. 
This  kind  of  methodical  use  of  all  of  the  approaches  to  
therapy  can  only  result  in  your  being  effective  with  a  larger  
number of your clients in a more consistent way. 
II. SWITCHING REPRESENTATIONAL SYSTEMS 
As we repeatedly pointed out in Magic I, when people come to 
us  in  therapy  with  pain,  feeling  that  they  are  stuck,  that  they  
don't  have  enough  choices,  we  find  that  their  world  is  rich  and  
varied  enough  for  them  to  get  what  they  want,  but  that  the  way  
which they use to represent the world to themselves is not rich 
and varied enough for them to obtain it. In other words, the way 
that each of us represents our experience will either cause us pain 
or  allow  us  an  exciting,  living  and  growing  process  in  our  lives.  
More  specifically,  if  we  choose  (consciously  or  not)  to  represent  
certain  kinds  of  experience  in  one  or  another  of  our  representa-
tional systems, we will succeed either in causing ourselves pain or 
in giving ourselves new choices. The following are examples of this 
process.  Notice  that,  in  each  case,  the  Meta-Tactic  of  switching  
representational systems allows the client to overcome the pain or 
the block to further growth and change. 
George, a young man in his late 20's, volunteered to work in a 
group setting (a Therapist Training Group). He was asked to come 
to the center of the group, sit down, and state on what he wanted 
to work. He began a rather rambling account of the events of his 
day,  and  then,  wincing  in  pain,  interrupted  his  story  to  complain  
about  a  severe  headache  which  had  been  troubling  him  for  some  
hours.  He  stated  that  he  was  unable  to  concentrate  on  his  story  
because  of  the  pain  from  his  headache.  The  therapist  decided  to  
deal  directly  with  the  physical  (kinesthetic)  representation  by  
using Meta-Tactic II. Having listened carefully to George's choice 
of  predicates  while  he  was  making  his  complaints,  the  therapist  
recognized,  from  statements  such  as  the  following,  that  George's  
most highly valued representational system was visual. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

20/PART I 
I don't see what my headache has to . . . 
I try to watch out for things that. . . 
I'm not clear right now. If I could only focus on what. . . 
The therapist then placed an empty chair in front of the chair 
in which George was sitting, and said: 
Therapist: George, look at the chair in front of you; see that, 
at  this  point  in  time,  it  is  empty.  Now,  allow  your  eyes  to  
close, maintaining a clear, focused image in your mind's 
eye  of  the  empty  chair  in  front  of  you.  Now  paint  me  a  
picture of your headache with words as vivid and colorful 
as  possible.  I  want  you  to  see  the  exact  way  that  your  
muscles are interlaced, straining and causing you this pain. 
Do you have a clear picture? 
George: Yes,  I  see  it  clearly.  (George  goes  on  to  describe  the  
headache  in  visual  terms,  with  the  therapist  asking  ques-
tions [with visual predicates] to assist him in picturing it.) 
Therapist: Now,  George,  breathe  deeply  and  rhythmically.  
(Here  the  therapist  moves  to  George  and  verbally  and  
kinesthetically [ b y  touch] assists him in developing a deep 
and rhythmic breathing pattern.) Now, George, I want you 
to see clearly as you breathe out, with each breath, breath-
ing  out,  to  breathe  out  all  of  the  pain  in  your  headache.  I  
want you to see the headache slowly dissolving and flow-
ing  from  your  head,  through  your  nasal  passages,  now  
through  your  nose  and  flowing  out  of  your  nostrils  with  
each deep breath out, breathing out, breathing this cloud 
of flowing, swirling pain into the empty chair in front of 
you, see it there, make a focused image of it in the chair as 
you  breathe  it  out  deeply.  Signal  me  by  nodding  when  
you focus the cloud of pain in the chair in front of you in 
your mind's eye. 
George  signaled,  by  nodding,  that  he  had  accomplished  this.  
The therapist then assisted him in creating a face and body from 
this swirling cloud of pain in the chair in front of him. The face 
and  body  belonged  to  someone  with  whom  George  had  some  
unexpressed, unfinished business. After George had expressed him-
self  to  this  person,  the  therapist  leaned  forward  and  asked  him  
how  he  felt  at  that  particular  point  in  time.  George  smiled,  and,  
with a surprised look on his face, replied: 

Representational Systems / 21 
Why,  I feel fine,  completely focused - my headache is 
completely gone!! 
This particular process, of working with a young man who had 
a  severe  headache,  required  only  a  few  minutes.  The  process  is  
simply an example of the effective use of Meta-Tactic II. What we 
have  noticed  is  that,  if  people  represent  certain  kinds  of  experi  
ences  in  their  kinesthetic  representational  systems,  they  succeed  in  
causing  themselves  pain.  As  in  this  case,  if  the  therapist  is  able  to  
determine  the  client's  most  highly  valued  representational  system  
other  than  kinesthetic,  then  the  therapist  will  be  able  to  assist  the  
client  in  re-mapping  (or  re-coding  or  re-representing)  the  experi-
ence  which  is  causing  him  pain  from  the  kinesthetic  system  into  
another  highly  valued  representational  system.  In  other  words,  the  
therapist  assists  the  client  in  switching  an  experience  from  the  
representational  system  which  is  causing  pain  into  one  which  will  
not result in pain, and will occur in a form with which the client 
can  better  cope.  The  generalization,  then,  from  this  case  and  
others  very  like  it  is  that,  when  a  client  is  experiencing  pain  
(equivalent  to  a  message  that  he  has  represented  some  experience  
kinesthetically  in  a  way  which  is  causing  him  pain),  the  therapist  
may choose to deal with that pain directly by: 
(a)  Identifying the person's most highly valued representa 
tional system (other than kinesthetic); 
(b)  Creating an experience whereby the client maps from 
the   kinesthetic   representation  into   his  most highly 
valued system. 
Thus, 
Visual   representation   \ Auditory   representation)   Digital   
representation    ) 
{ 
Notice that the Meta-model itself is understood to be the 
mapping  function  which  carries  an  experience  from  any  repre-
sentational  system  into  a  digital  (words,  phrases  and  sentences)  
representation. 
Thus, 
(Visual representation         ) Meta-Model 
< Auditory representation     >---------------»-Digital representation 
(Kinesthetic representation) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

221 PART I 
Susan, a woman in her late 3O's, asked to work one evening in 
the  context  of  a  Therapist  Training  Group  which  we  were  con-
ducting.  She  was  asked  to  come  to  the  center  of  the  group  and  
state  on  what  she  wished  to  work.  She  said  that  she  had  been  
troubled by vivid images in her mind. She said that she had tried 
to  get  rid  of  these  images  but  that  they  continued  to  haunt  her,  
making her unable to do many of the things which she wanted to 
do. By listening carefully to the woman's choice of predicates, the 
therapist  was  able  to  identify  the  kinesthetic  as  the  client's  most  
highly  valued  representational  system.  Susan  was  then  asked  to  
describe the images which she had been having in as much detail, 
as vividly, as possible. Once she had completed her description, the 
therapist  had  her  go  through  the  entire  sequence  again,  and  this  
time  he  had  Susan  act  out  each  of  the  parts  of  her  visual  images  
kinesthetically — that is, she became the parts of her visual fantasy 
and  experienced  them  directly  in  her  body.  The  entire  process  
took  about  20  minutes,  and,  at  the  end  of  the  enactment,  Susan  
stated  that  the  visual  images  which  had  been  persecuting  her  were  
gone and that she felt a tremendous increase in her strength. 
This  second  episode  again  demonstrates  the  power  of  using  
Meta-Tactic  II.  In  this  case,  a  woman  whose  primary  representa-
tional system was kinesthetic was experiencing difficulty in coping 
with  a  series  of  visual  images.  By  assisting  her  in  mapping  her  
experiences  in  her  visual  representational  system  into  her  most  
highly  valued  representational  system  (kinesthetic),  the  experi-
ences were brought into a form with which she was able to cope, 
and she could then use them as a source of strength for herself. 
The  generalization  here  is  that,  when  a  client  is  having  difficulty  
coping  with  some  experience  in  a  representational  system  other  
than her most highly valued one, then one excellent choice on the 
part  of  the  therapist  is  to  assist  her  in  re-mapping  that  experience  
into her most highly valued system. A person's most highly valued 
system  is  the  one  in  which  he  has  the  maximum  number  of  
distinctions, and usually is the one in which he will be able to cope 
most effectively. 
Thus, 
Representational System X --------------*-Representational System Y 
where Y is the client's most highly valued representational system. 

Representational Systems / 23 
III. ADDING REPRESENTATIONAL SYSTEMS 
The third of the Meta-Tactics available to therapists in their 
use  of  representational  systems  is  that  of  simply  adding  to  the  
client's  reference  structure  another  representational  system.  By  
adding an entirely new representational system, the client's model 
of  the  world  is  dramatically  extended  and  many  new  choices  
become available to him. Consider the change in the experience of 
a person who has been organizing his experience wholly in terms 
of body sensations (kinesthetically) when he is suddenly able also 
to  represent  his  experience  visually.  This  change  literally  allows  
him a new perspective on life, a new way of having choices about 
his  life.  Meta-Tactic  III  differs  from  Meta-Tactic  II  in  that,  rather  
than  map  an  experience  from  one  representational  system  into  
another  representational  system,  in  this  case  we  have  the  person  
retain  his  experience  in  the  present  representational  system  and  
simply add another entire representation of this same experience. 
Mary  Lou,  a  woman  in  her  middle  40's,  was  working  in  a  
Therapist  Training  Group.  As  Mary  Lou  was  expressing  her  diffi-
culties,  the  therapist  noticed  that,  each  time  she  expressed  some  
comment  critical  of  her  own  behavior,  Mary  Lou's  voice  quality  
(tonality) changed. She spoke, literally, with a different voice. The 
therapist  then  asked  Mary  Lou  to  repeat  a  number  of  the  critical  
remarks  and,  as  she  did  so,  to  be  aware  of  her  voice.  When  she  
finished  repeating  the  critical  remarks,  the  therapist  leaned  for-
ward  and  asked  her  whose  voice  she  had  used.  She  replied  at  once  
that it was her father's voice. At this point, the therapist asked her 
to close her eyes and to hear that same voice inside her head. She 
was able to do this easily. Next, the therapist instructed her that, 
as  she  listened  to  her  father's  voice,  she  would  see  her  father's  
mouth  moving,  his  lips  forming  the  words.  As  she  accomplished  
this,  she  was  then  instructed  to  see  the  remainder  of  her  father's  
face. 
The  therapist  continued  to  work  with  Mary  Lou,  using  her  
father's  voice  to  lead  her  in  constructing  a  full  visual  representa-
tion  which  matched  the  voice  she  continued  to  hear  inside  her  
head.  Once  the  visual  and  auditory  representations  were  co-
ordinated,  the  therapist  used  the  material  as  a  basis  for  an  enact-
ment in which Mary Lou played both herself and her father. Thus, 
in this final phase, all three representational systems were brought 
into  play  —  auditory,  visual  and  kinesthetic.  The  enactment  tech-
nique,  based  upon  initially  using  an  auditory  representation  and  
then adding the other representational systems (visual and kines- 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

2AI PART I 
thetic) to it — that is, Meta-Tactic III — enabled Mary Lou to 
confront and overcome some severe blocks to her further growth. 
This  experience  with  Mary  Lou  shows  the  use  of  Meta-Tactic  
III.  The  therapist  notices  a  sudden  shift  in  a  client's  behavior.  
Making  use  of  the  representational  system  in  which  this  sudden  
shift  occurs  as  a  basis  from  which  to  build  a  more  complete  
reference  structure  (See  Magic  I,  Chapter  6),  the  therapist  finds  a  
point  of  overlap  between  the  representational  system  in  which  the  
shift took place and the representational system which the thera-
pist  chooses  to  add.  In  this  case,  since  the  initial  representational  
system was auditory (specifically, the voice of another person), 
the  therapist  had  the  client  form  a  visual  image  of  the  mouth  
which  was  creating  that  voice.  Once  a  portion  of  the  new  repre-
sentational system is tied to the initial representational system, the 
therapist  can  work  with  the  client  to  fully  develop  the  new  
representational  system.  The  consequence  of  this  Meta-Tactic  is  to  
expand  dramatically  the  client's  representation  of  the  experience  
which  is  causing  him  difficulty.  This  expanded  representation  
allows  the  client  an  expanded  model  of  the  world  and,  from  this,  
more  choices  in  coping  in  his  life.  The  generalization,  then,  for  
Meta-Tactic III can be represented as: 
(a)  Selecting an experience which  is registered in repre 
sentational system X with which the client is having 
difficulty coping; 
(b)  Finding a point of overlap between representational 
system X and representational system Y pertaining to 
that experience; 
(c)  Fully developing the experience initially represented in 
X in the new representational system Y; 
(d)  Repeating step (b). 
Symbolically: 
(Representational System X] 
Representational System X---------- •-< Representational System Y> 
(Representational System z) 

Representational Systems / 25 
SUMMARY OF PART I 
The  statement  by  Korzybski  that  "the  map  is  not  the  terri-
tory"  is  true  in  two  major  ways.  First,  we,  as  humans,  create  
models  of  our  world  which  we  use  as  a  guide  for  our  behavior.  
Second, we have a number of different maps available to represent 
our  experiences  —  kinesthetic,  visual,  auditory,  natural  language,  
etc.
3
  These  maps  of  our  experience  do  not  necessarily  represent  
only information from the direct input channels of the senses to 
the  associated  representational  systems.  For  example,  I  can  de-
scribe a picture in natural language and another person can hear 
my  description  and  make  pictures  of  this  description.  We,  as  
humans,  usually  have  a  most  highly  valued  representational  sys-
tem, and very often we will neglect to use the additional represen-
tational systems available to us. 
A most highly valued representational system can be identified 
by listening to the natural language predicates used by a person in 
describing his experience. Trust results when the therapist joins his 
clients  in  their  representational  systems  and  then  switches  his  
predicates  to  theirs;  this  is,  in  essence,  speaking  the  clients'  
language.  (Trust  has  more  components  than  just  switching  predi-
cates — these will be discussed later.) 
Once you, as a therapist, understand how your client organizes 
his experience, which representational system is used and which is 
the  client's  most  highly  valued  one,  then  you  can  proceed  in  
therapy  in  a  way  which  will  be  strategically  more  beneficial  in  
expanding  your  client's  model  of  the  world  in  a  way  which  will  
allow him more choices, greater freedom in living, and a richer life 
overall. 
FOOTNOTES FOR PART 1 
1.  We  talk  here  about  major  input  channels.  Our  experience  leads  us  to  
believe that we all are constantly receiving information through at least the 
five  commonly  identified  input  channels  —  vision,  hearing,  touch,  smell,  and  
taste.  We  distinguish  the  three  channels  of  vision,  hearing  and  touch  as  the  
major  channels,  as  these  are  the  ones  which  provide  information  which,  
typically,  enters  our  consciousness.  One  strong  piece  of  evidence  that  we  are  
also  receiving  information  through  the  other  two  channels  comes  from  the  
activation  of  survival  responses  --  for  example,  the  smell  of  smoke  enters  
consciousness  almost  immediately  and  the  person  smelling  it  will  begin  to  
search  for  its  source,  disregarding  his  previous  activity.  Furthermore,  in  our  
work in both therapy and hypnosis, we have noticed that the experience of 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

26/PARTf 
certain  tastes  and  smells  allows  the  person  experiencing  them  to  return  to  
associated  childhood  memories  immediately.  The  neural  set  of  pathways  
carrying olfactory information is the only set of pathways of the five senses 
which does not pass through the thalmus en route to the cerebral cortex. 
We  are  also  convinced  that  people  receive  information  through  processes  
other than those associated with the five commonly accepted senses. 
2.    By most highly valued representational system we mean the repre 
sentational  system   the  person  typically uses to bring information  into 
consciousness — that is, the one he typically uses to represent the world and 
his experience to himself. As we shall present in detail in Part II of this 
volume, a person may have more than one most highly valued representa 
tional system, alternating them. This is common in people who are incongru- 
ent in their communication — the polarity game. Again, no special one of the 
representational systems available is better than the others, although some 
may be more efficient for certain tasks. In our work, the general, overall 
strategy we use is to assist people in having available to them choices about 
how they organize their experiences. 
3.    Others could exist. Also, we use smell and taste for recovering old, 
especially childhood, memories and for certain survival responses; e.g., the 
smell of fire. 

PART 11 
Incongruity 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

 

Incongruity / 29 
THE TASK OF THE PEOPLE-HELPERS 
Two  human  beings  sit  facing  one  another.  One  is  called  a  
therapist and the other, a client. This second person, the client, is 
unhappy,  dissatisfied  with  his  present  life;  feels  stuck,  blocked;  
experiences pain in his life. The therapist is faced with the task of 
assisting  the  client  to  change  in  a  way  which  will  allow  him  to  
grow, allow him more choices, more satisfaction, and less pain in 
his  life.  What,  exactly,  is  the  task  that  the  therapist,  this  people-
helper,  will  accomplish  when  he  assists  the  client  in  changing?  Our 
understanding of the task of a people-helper is: 
All therapies are confronted with the problem of responding 
adequately  to  such  people.  Responding  adequately  in  this  
context   means   to   us   assisting   in   changing   the   clients'   
experience  in  some  way  which  enriches  it.  Rarely  do  
therapies  accomplish  this  by  changing  the  world.  Their  
approach,  then,  is  typically  to  change  the  clients'  experi-
ence  of  the  world.  People  do  not  operate  directly  on  the  
world,  but  operate  necessarily  on  the  world  through  their  
perception or model of the world. Therapies, then, charac-"' 
teristically  operate  to  change  the  client's  model  of  the  
world  and,  consequently,  the  client's  behavior  and  experi-
ence.  .  .  .  The  overall  strategy  that  the  therapist  has  
adopted  is  that  specified  explicitly  by  the  Meta-Model  —  to  
challenge  and  expand  the  impoverished  portions  of  the  
client's  model.  Characteristically  this  takes  the  form  of  
either  recovering  (enactment)  or  creating  (guided  fantasy,  
therapeutic  double  bind,.  .  .)  a  reference  structure  which  
contradicts  the  limiting  generalizations  in  the  client's  
model. 
[Magic /, Chapter 6) 
In other words, the therapist will work to create an experience 
with  the  active,  creative  participation  of  the  client.  This  experi-
ence will be directed at the way in which the client has organized 
his  perception  or  model  of  the  world  which  is  blocking  him  from  
changing.  This  experience  will  lie  outside  the  limits  of  the  client's  
model.  The  process  of  creating  and  living  this  experience  will  
provide the client with a new model and a new set of choices for 
his life. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

301 PART II MULTIPLE 
MESSAGES 
There  are  a  number  of  ways  which  a  therapist  may  choose  in  
going about creating this experience. In this section of the book, 
we  will  present  a  series  of  choices  which  a  therapist  has  available  
when  dealing  with  one  particular  category  of  behavior  in  his  
clients. Here we focus on a phenomenon called incongruity. 
In Part I of this volume, Representational Systems, we detailed 
the  different  maps  we  as  human  beings  use  to  organize  our  
experience.  Since  each  of  us  has  the  means  of  organizing  our  
experience  in  different  representational  systems,  the  question  
arises  as  to  whether  these  representational  systems  not  only  have  
different types of information, but also have different models of 
the  world  for  the  same  person.  In  the  past  few  decades,  psycho-
therapy  has  begun  to  pay  attention  not  only  to  the  communica-
tion of the client with words, but also his communication by body 
language.  The  notion  of  multiple  messages  has  begun  to  be  the  
basis of much work in this area. 
Let's return to these two humans (the therapist and the client) 
and watch and listen for a moment. 
The  client  and  the  therapist  have  been  working  together  for  
about twenty minutes. The client has been discussing his relation-
ship  with  his  wife.  The  therapist  leans  forward  and  asks  the  client  
what his feelings are toward his wife at this point in time. The man 
immediately  stiffens  his  body,  cuts  his  breathing  dramatically,  
thrusts his left hand forward with his index finger extended, drops 
his right hand into his lap with its palm turned upward, and says, 
in a harsh, shrill tone of voice at a rapid rate of speech: 
/ do everything I can to help her; I love her so very much. 
Consider  the  messages  that  the  therapist  is  receiving  from  the  
client at this point: 
a.    Body    stiff; 
b.    Breathing shallow and irregular; 
c.    Left hand thrust forward with extended index finger; 
d.   Right hand palm open and turned up in lap; 
e.    Harsh, shrill voice; 
f.    Rapid rate of speech; 
g.    The words: / do everything I can to help her; I love her 
so very much. 
This description is one of a person who is communicating 

Incongruity / 31 
incongruently — that is, the messages carried by his various output 
channels  (body  posture,  movements,  voice  tempo,  voice  tonality,  
and  words)  do  not  fit  together  to  convey  a  single  message.  For  
example,  the  client's  words  stating  his  love  for  his  wife  do  not  
match  the  tonality  of  his  voice  as  he  says  these  words.  Again,  the  
client's left hand with the extended index finger does not match 
his  right  hand  held  palm  open  and  turned  up  in  his  lap.  The  
message carried by the client's words is different from the message 
carried by the client's tonality. The message carried by the client's 
left hand is different from the message carried by his right hand. 
The  therapist  is  faced  at  this  point  with  a  client  who  is  
presenting  him  with  a  set  of  messages  which  do  not  match  (an  
incongruent  communication).  He  is  confronted  with  the  problem  
of responding adequately to these multiple messages. We trust that 
each  of  you  reading  this  description  (of  a  client  communicating  
incongruently) can identify situations in which you, yourself, have 
been confronted with a client who is presenting you with multiple, 
incongruent  messages.  Let  us  consider  for  a  moment  the  choices  
which  are  available  to  the  therapist  (or  anyone  responding  to  a  
person who is communicating incompatible messages). 
First,  the  therapist  may  fail  to  detect  (consciously)  the  incon-
gruities  —  the  non-matching  messages  being  presented  by  the  
client. Our observations of this situation are that, when a therapist 
fails  to  detect  incongruities  which  the  client  is  presenting,  the  
therapist  himself,  initially,  feels  confused  and  uncertain.  The  
therapist's  feelings  of  uncertainty  usually  persist  and  he  becomes  
more and more uncomfortable. Typically, therapists report feeling 
as though they were missing something. What we have observed in 
our  Therapist  Training  Seminars  is  that,  in  a  remarkably  short  
period  of  time,  the  therapist,  himself,  will  begin  to  respond  
incongruently.  More  specifically,  the  therapist  will  tend  to  match  
with the client the kinds of messages which he is receiving, output 
channel for output channel. 
Using  the  above  description  as  an  example,  the  therapist  who  
fails  to  detect  the  incongruencies  described  will  soon  find  himself  
talking to the client about his feelings of love and devotion to his 
wife in a voice which is harsh, and, at the same time, he will begin 
to  register  incongruities  in  his  body  posture  which  match  the  
client's  incongruities.  For  example,  his  hand  gestures  will  not  
match each other. Thus, this first choice is no choice at all; rather, 
it  is  a  failure  on  the  part  of  the  therapist  to  detect  the  multiple  
messages which the client is presenting. 
Secondly,  the  therapist  may  detect  the  client's  conflicting  
messages and may choose to regard one or the other of these as 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

32 I PAR Til 
the  valid,  or  true,  message  which  really conveys  the  client's  true 
feelings  about  his  wife.  Our  experience  with  therapists  who  make  
this choice is that their acceptance of an output channel message 
as  the  true one  is  based  upon  the  context  of  the  message.  For  
example, there is a general cultural rule which states that each of 
us  may  respond  (consciously)  only  to  the  words which  a  person  
uses  to  describe  his  experience,  not  to  the  other  output  channels  
(tonality,  posture,  etc.).  Responding  to  the  messages  carried  by  
output channels other than verbal is, in general, impolite, or "dirty 
pool,"  as  one  of  our  acquaintances  characterized  it.  Thus,  we  are  
taught,  culturally,  that  the  valid  message  in  the  set  of  simulta-
neous,  non-matching  messages  a  person  communicating  incon-
gruently  presents  to  us  is  the  verbal  message.
1
  Many  of  the  
psychotherapies  have  selected  (implicitly,  at  least)  the  message  
carried by body posture and gesture as the real or true message for 
the  client  —  the  opposite  of  the  choice  given  to  us  culturally.  A  
therapist  trained  in  one  of  these  schools  will  select  one  of  the  
messages  carried  by  the  client's  body  posture  or  gestures  as  the  
one  to  which  he  should  respond.  Once  a  therapist  has  decided  
which  of  these  conflicting  messages  is  the  valid  one,  he  has  the  
choice  either  of  deciding  what  the  message  carried  by  that  par-
ticular  output  channel  really  means  (by really  means  we  are  
referring to the words the posture or gesture would have if it were 
translated into language), or of calling the client's attention to that 
message  in  some  way,  and  then  requesting  that  the  client  inform  
the therapist of the meaning of the message carried by that output 
channel. 
The  first  choice  on  the  part  of  the  therapist  we  refer  to  as  an  
hallucination. By  hallucination  we  are  not  implying  a  value  judg-
ment  that  this  is  a  bad  or  negative  move  on  the  part  of  the  
therapist, but simply that, when a therapist decides without check-
ing  with  the  client  what  the  meaning  of  a  non-verbal  message  is  in  
words, he is assuming that the meaning of that posture or gesture 
in  words  is  the  same  as  it  is  in  his  own  model  of  the  world.  The  
meaning that the posture or gesture has in the therapist's model of 
the world may or may not match the meaning that that posture or 
gesture  has  in  the  client's  model  of  the  world.  As  we  stated  in  
Magic I: 
. . . therapist may, from long experience, have an intuition 
about  what  the  missing  piece  is  (in  this  case,  what  the  
meaning of the posture or gesture is). He may choose to 

Incongruity / 33 
interpret  or  guess.  ...  We  have  no  quarrel  with  this  choice.  
There is, however, the danger that any form of interpreta-
tion  or  guessing  may  be  inaccurate.  We  include  in  our  
Meta-model  a  safeguard  for  the  client.  The  client  tries  the  
interpretation  or  guess  by  the  therapist  by  generating  a  
sentence  which  includes  that  material  and  checks  his  
intuitions to see whether it fits, makes sense, is an accurate 
representation of his model of the world. 
The  second  possibility  —  that  of  selecting  one  of  the  non-
verbal messages as the valid one and asking the client to express it 
in words — is a choice which we have already discussed in the first 
part  of  this  book.  Specifically,  this  move  is  a  request  by  the  
therapist for the client to switch representational systems. Here, 
the  therapist  is  instructing  the  client  to  switch  from  a  message  
carried  by  body  posture  or  gesture  to  a  message  carried  by  the  
language representational system. 
The  choice  described  above  made  by  our  therapist  —  that  is,  
selecting  the  message  carried  by  the  body  output  system  as  the  
valid representation of the client's true feelings — has a strong 
basis in theories of communication and therapy. 
THEORY OF LOGICAL TYPES 
In our  understanding,  the  most  explicit  and  sophisticated  
model of human communication and therapy is that described in 
the work of Gregory Bateson and his colleagues. Bateson, using his 
wide-ranging  background  and  penetrating  mind,  developed,  for  
example,  the  Double  Bind  Theory  of  Schizophrenia.  In  formu-
lating  this  theory,  Bateson  borrowed  a  model  first  presented  by  
Bertrand  Russell  to  cope  with  certain  paradoxes  arising  in  meta-
mathematics; this model is called the Theory of Logical Types. 
CONTENT AND RELATIONSHIP 
Bateson and his colleagues categorize each human communica-
tion into two parts or "levels." These are called the content and 
the relationship messages.  More  specifically,  the  verbal  (digital)  
portion of the communication (or what the person says in words) 
is considered the content message of the communication, while 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

341 PARTII 
the  non-verbal  (analogical)  portion  of  the  communication  is  
considered  the  relationship  message.  The  following  diagram  will  
help  you  to  understand  the  relationship  between  Bateson's  termi-
nology and that which we use. 
Bateson 
communication act 
\ 
content (all 
verbal 
messages) 
Grinder/Bandler 
communication act 
/ \ \ 
msg. A    msg. B    ...    msg. N 
(one message per output channel) 
Using the example previously given, we have the following 
classification: 
relationship 
messages 
content 
messages 
Bateson 
body stiff breathing 
shallow left hand 
pointing right hand 
palm up harsh, shrill 
voice rapid rate of 
speech 
(the words: I do every- *! 
< thing I can to help her; 
(l love her so very much. 
\ 
relationship 
(all analogical 
messages) 
Grinder/Bandler 
message A  —  body posture 
message B   — body movement 
message C — gesture 
message D   — gesture 
message E   — tonality 
message F —   t e m p o 
message G  — language 
representation. 
In addition to classifying the client's communication into the 
two  categories  of  content  and  relationship,  Bateson  offers  the  
following method to determine which category of a message is the 
valid one: 
When a boy says to a girl, "I love you," he is using words 
to convey that which is more convincingly conveyed by his 
tone  of  voice  and  his  movements,  and  the  girl,  if  she  has  
any  sense,  will  pay  more  attention  to  those  accompanying  
signs than to the words. 
(Steps to an Ecology of Mind, p. 412) 
Or, as Bateson comments: 
What is known to occur at the animal level is the simulta-
neous  presentation  of  contradictory  signals  —  postures  
which  mention  both  aggression  and  flight,  and  the  like.  
These ambiguities are, however, quite different from the 

Incongruity / 35 
phenomenon  familiar  among  humans  where  the  friendli-
ness of a man's words may be contradicted by the tension 
or  aggressiveness  of  his  voice  or  posture.  The  man  is  
engaging  in  a  sort  of  deceit,  an  altogether  more  complex  
achievement. 
(Steps to an Ecology of Mind, pp. 424-25) 
In both of these statements, Bateson implies that the relation-
ship part of the communication — the portion carried by the non-
verbal part — is the valid portion of the communication when there 
is  a  difference  or  an  incongruity.  In  fact,  in  the  latter  quote,  he  
uses the word deceit to describe the use of words by a human to 
convey  a  message  which  differs  from  the  message  carried  by  the  
non-verbal  portion  of  the  communication.  His  use  of  this  word  
presupposes  that  the  non-verbal  or  analogical  message  is  the  one  
which  faithfully  reflects  the  true nature  of  the  person's  feelings  
and intentions. This choice on the part of Bateson and therapists 
in  general  becomes  more  understandable  when  we  examine  the  
model which they are using to organize their experience in therapy 
— the Theory of Logical Types. 
In  his  adaption  of  Russell's  Theory  of  Logical  Types  to  
communication and therapy, Bateson chose to assign the relation-
ship portion  of  the  communication  —  the  message  carried  by  the  
non-verbal part — to a level higher than the content portion of the 
communication.  In  other  words,  the  analogical,  non-verbal  
message is considered meta to — of a higher logical type than — 
the  verbal  message.  A  message,  call  it  A,  will  be  considered  meta  to  
some  other  message  (B)  if  message  A  is  a  comment  on  B,  or  if,  
equivalently,  A  contains  B  as  one  of  its  parts  (less  than  the  
entirety  of  A),  or,  equivalently,  if  A  includes  B  in  its  scope  (A  is  
about B). An example will help. A client says: 
/ feel angry about my job. (= message B) 
The therapist responds by asking: 
How do you feel about feeling angry? 
The client responds: 
/   feel  frightened  about  fee/ing  angry  about  my job. 
(= message A) 
The client's statement, message A, is about the client's state- 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

361 PART II 
merit,  message  B;  therefore,  message  A  is  meta  to  message  B.  
Message A is a meta-message with respect to message B. 
Russell  developed  the  Theory  of  Logical  Types  to  avoid  
paradoxes.  His  theory  is  that,  once  statements  (or  whatever  
category  of  things  was  being  considered)  were  sorted  out  by  
logical type, they were to be kept separate under pain of paradox 
—  that  is,  to  mix  statements  (or  any  objects)  of  different  logical  
types  was  to  invite  paradox  —  a  form  of  pathology  to  which  
mathematicians  are  particularly  vulnerable.  Consequently,  when  
Bateson  adapted  Russell's  theory,  he  accepted  this  generalization  
that  objects  ( i n   this  particular  case,  messages)  of  different  logical  
types or different logical levels are to be kept separate. 
Specifically,  Bateson  assigned  the  relationship  portion  or  
analogical  part  of  the  communication  act  to  a  meta  position  with  
respect to the content or verbal portion of the communication — 
the   body   posture/movement/tonality/tempo   message   was   a   
comment  on  the  verbal  message.  Thus,  the  analogical  and  the  
verbal  portions  of  every  communication  are  of  different  logical  
types. We can represent this classification visually as: 
Bateson's use of Russell Theory 
I   \
 
relationship     content 
message       message 
Interpreted  by  
the  Theory  of  
Logical Types 
►
message 
content 
message 
communication act relationship 
Meta to 
PARAMESSAGES 
We have found the following way of organizing our experience 
in  therapy  and  communication  more  useful  in  assisting  clients  in  
changing: The client presents a set of messages, as many as one per 
output  channel.  These  messages  we  call  paramessages. No  one  of  
these  simultaneously  presented  messages  is  meta  to  any  one  of  the  
others  presented.  More  generally,  then,  no  one  of  a  set  of  simulta-
neously  presented  messages  can  be  of  a  different  logical  level  from  
any other. Visually, we represent this classification by the follow-
ing diagram: 

Incongruity /37 
Grinder/Bandler Schema 
communication act 
(paramessages:     msg. A,....    msg. B,...,    msg. C,...,   ,... ,msg. N of 
the same logical level) 
There  are  three  major  differences  between  Bateson's  model  
and  this  way  of  organizing  our  experience  in  therapy  and  com-
munication.  First,  we  distinguish  one  (possible)  message  per  
output  channel,  whereas  Bateson's  schema  is  binary,  dividing  the  
messages  into  a  relationship  (analogical)  and  a  content  (verbal)  
portion. Our method allows us to check for incongruity among the 
multiple  messages.  The  binary  split,  however,  allowing  only  a  
single  check  for  congruency  (analogical  versus  verbal),  doesn't  
allow  for  the  case  (which  we  encounter  very  often)  wherein,the  
various  ways  which  a  human  can  use  to  express  messages  analog-
ically  themselves  do  not  match,  i.e.,  are  incongruent.  The  case  
which we mentioned previously contained several examples of this 
phenomenon: 
the left hand with its index      versus       the right hand palm open 
finger extended and turned up on the lap 
or 
the right hand palm open versus       the harsh, shrill voice 
and turned up in the lap 
Thus,  we  have  generalized  Bateson's  binary  schema  into  an  n-ary  
schema  (n  is  the  number  of  output  channels  available  to  carry  
messages).
2
  This  generalization  allows  us  to  check  for  incon-
gruency  among  all  of  the  different  messages  which  the  client  
presents to us. Thus, Bateson's schema can be seen as a special case 
of ours in which all of the analogical paramessages match. 
The  second  major  way  in  which  we  have  found  it  useful  to  
organize  our  experience  in  communication  and  therapy  which  
differs from Bateson's schema is that, in any set of simultaneously 
presented  messages,  we  accept  each  message  as  an  equally  valid  
representation of that person's experience. In our model, no one 
of  these  paramessages  can  be  said  to  be  more  valid  —  or  truer,  or  
more representative of the client — than any other. No one of a set 
of paramessages can be said to be meta to any other member of its 
set.
3
  Rather,  our  understanding  of  a  set  of  paramessages  is  that  
each of these messages represents a portion of the client's model(s) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

381 PAR Til 
of the world. When the client is communicating congruently, each 
of the paramessages matches, fits with, is congruent with each of 
the  others.  This  tells  us  that  all  of  the  models  which  the  client  is  
using to guide his behavior at that point in time are consistent (or, 
equivalently,  that  the  client  is  using  a  single  model  of  the  world).  
When the client presents us with a set of conflicting paramessages, 
when  the  client  is  communicating  incongruently,  we  know  that  
the models of the world which he is using to guide his behavior are 
inconsistent.  We  accept  each  of  the  conflicting  paramessages  as  a  
valid  representation  of  the  model  which  the  client  has  for  his  
behavior  —  these  conflicting  paramessages  are  indicators  of  the  
resources  which  the  client  has  in  coping  with  the  world.  When  
incongruity  is  seen  in  this  way,  the  problem  of  deciding  which  of  
the conflicting messages presented to us simultaneously is the real, 
true  or  valid  message  disappears  and  such  incongruencies,  them-
selves, become the basis for growth and change. 
In addition to the increased therapeutic possibilities which this 
way of organizing our experience gives us, we have been unable to 
find  any  specific  case  in  our  experience  in  which  one  of  a  set  of  
paramessages  is  meta  with  respect  to  any  other.  For  example,  in  
the  case  we  described  previously,  in  what  sense  is  the  left  hand  
with the index finger extended a comment on, or a message about, 
the words which the client says? Our experience has been that the 
words used by the client are as usefully considered a comment on, 
or a message about, the message conveyed by the left hand with 
the  index  finger  extended  as  vice  versa.  Thus,  we  arrive  at  a  
classification  of  paramessages  —  messages  of  the  same  logical  
level.  Using  this  organization,  we  avoid  one  difficulty  which  
arises  in  Bateson's  schema,  that  of  deciding  which  of  a  set  of  
paramessages is meta to the others. One case in which the futility 
of attempting to make this decision is particularly clear is that in 
which a client is both incongruent at a particular point in time and 
incongruent  over  a  period  of  time  and,  thus,  the  messages  are  
reversed. Specifically, one of the members of our Therapist Train-
ing Seminars was working on some patterns she had developed in 
her  original  family  system.  As  with  many,  if  not  all,  of  us  who  
have  had  two  adults  acting  as  our  parents,  her  parents  differed  
about  how  their  child  should  be  treated.  And,  as  is  the  case  with  
many, if not all, of us, the child was faced with the formidable 
task  of  integrating  the  conflicting  messages  she  had  received  as  a  
child from her parents. As one of the seminar participants began 
to  work  with  her  on  these  patterns,  he  noticed  the  following:  
When Ellen was addressing her father (fantasized), she either stood 
erect, feet spread apart, left hand on her hip, right arm and hand 

Incongruity / 39 
extended  with  finger  pointing,  voice  whining  and  with  a  typical  
statement such as, 
/ try as hard as I can to please you, Daddy; just tell me 
what you want me to do. 
or,  she  stood  slumped,  with  her  feet  together,  both  arms  and  
hands extended, palms turned upward, voice loud, harsh and low, 
and with typical statements such as, 
Why don't you ever do what I want you to do? 
Extracting these patterns into a table form, we see: 
 
Ellen at Time 1 Ellen at Time 
2 
erect posture msg. Al slumped posture msg. A2
feet spread msg. B1 feet together msg. B2
left hand on hip 
right arm and 
hand extended, 
with index finger 
pointing 
msg. C1 
msg. D1 
both arms and 
hands extended, 
palms turned 
upward 
msg. C2
whining voice msg. E1 
voice loud and 
harsh 
msg. E2
words: / try as 
hard as / can to 
please you, 
daddy... 
msg. F1 
words: Why don't 
you ever do what 1 
want you to do? 
msg. F2
In  the  Bateson  schema,  the  therapist  is  faced  with  several  
difficulties. First, he must decide at Time 1 which of the messages 
which  Ellen  is  presenting  is  the  valid  one.  Since,  in  this  binary  
schema,  the  relationship  message  is  meta  to  the  content  message  
(words),  it  constitutes  the  real  or  valid  message  about  Ellen's  
relationship to her father. There is a difficulty here as the messages 
carried   by   the   analogical   systems,   themselves,   do   not   agree;   
specifically: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

40/PART fl 
msg. A, B, C, and D versus msg. E 
(body postures and (voice quality) 
gestures) 
Suppose,  however,  that,  since  the  majority  of  the  non-verbal  
messages  agree,  we  pass  over  this  difficulty  and  decide  that  the  
message  carried  by  body  posture  and  gestures  is  the  true  or  valid  
representation  of  Ellen's  relationship  to  her  father.  Now,  the  
second  difficulty  arises.  At  Time  2,  Ellen's  communication  has  
changed  radically.  Specifically,  if  you  compare  the  messages  at  
Time  1  and  Time  2  pairwise  (body  posture  at  Time  1  with  body  
posture  at  Time  2),  they  are  absolutely  reversed.  Thus,  when  
Ellen  is  communicating  at  Time  2,  the  therapist,  using  the  same  
principles,  is  forced  to  arrive  at  an  understanding  of  Ellen's  
relationship  to  her  father  which  is  in  conflict  with  what  he  had  
decided, based upon her communication at Time 1. 
Using the model which we proposed previously, no difficulties 
arise for this case of Ellen and her relationship to her father. At 
both Time 1 and Time 2, Ellen is incongruent —,at both times, the 
set of paramessages do not fit but, rather, are arranged as follows; 
Ellen at Time 1 Ellen at Time 2 
messages A1, B1,C1, messages A2, B2, and 
and D1 are congruent C2 are congruent 
(first set) (first set) 
and                                                   and 
messages El and F1 are messages E2 and F2 
congruent 
(second set) 
and                                                   and 
the first set of para- the first set of para- 
messages is not messages is not 
congruent with the congruent with the 
second set second set 
What  makes  Ellen's  communication  particularly  interesting  is  
that  the  first  set  of  messages  at  Time  1  is  congruent  with  the  
second set of messages at Time 2, while the second set of messages 
at Time 1 is congruent with the first set of messages at Time 2. In 
other  words,  Ellen's  analogical  (discounting  voice  quality  tem-
porarily) messages at Time 1 fit her verbal messages at Time 2 and 
vice versa. Since in the paramessage system all messages are treated 

Incongruity / 41 
as  equally  valid,  the  difficulty  never  arises  —  Ellen's  case  (a  
reasonably  familiar  one  in  our  experience)  is  easily  understood.  
Ellen  has  two  models  of  her  relationship  to  her  father  —  she  
experiences  pain  and  lack  of  choice,  and  her  behavior  is  not  
consistent with respect to her father, as these two models are, at 
this  point  in  time,  inconsistent.  Both  are,  however,  equally  valid  
expressions  of  her  true feelings  toward  her  father  —  both  consti-
tute resources for Ellen, parts of her which she can integrate. We 
will  return  to  Ellen's  case  later  in  this  section  to  demonstrate  the  
strategy of integration. 
We  propose  to  continue  to  use  the  meta  distinction  in  our  
model. However, for some message (A) to be labeled meta to some 
other message (B), two conditions must be met: 
A message (A) will be labeled meta to a message (B) if and 
only if: 
(a)  Both  A  and   B  are  messages in the same represen 
tational system or same output channel; 
and 
(b)  A is a message about B (equivalently, A has B in its 
scope — the Bateson/Russell condition). 
Notice  now  that,  since,  as  we  stated  previously,  each  output  
channel  may  carry  one  and  only  one  message  at  a  time,  messages  
which  are  presented  simultaneously  will  never  be  meta  one  to  the  
other.  Condition  (a)  insures  this,  as  it  states  that  the  metamessage  
relationship  can  only  occur  between  messages  expressed  in  the  
same  representational  or  output  system.
4
  Therefore,  it  naturally  
follows  that  paramessages  (the  set  of  messages  presented  simul-
taneously  by  a  person)  will  never  be  meta  with  respect  to  one  
another. 
Retaining  the  meta  distinction  is  useful  for  us  in  our  work.  
Consider, for example, the following case: A client is describing 
his  feelings  about  his  work  experience.  As  he  says,  in  a  low,  
whining tone of voice, 
/ really am beginning to enjoy my job. 
he clenches both of his fists, first raising and then bringing his left 
fist down  on  the arm of the chair. The therapist chooses to 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

42 / PARTII 
metacomment  on  these  pieces  of  analogical  (body  gesture  and  
voice) communication. The therapist leans forward and says, 
/ heard you say that you are really beginning to enjoy your 
job, and, as you said this, I was aware of two other things: 
your  voice  didn  't  sound  like  you  are  enjoying  your  job,  
and you balled your hands up into fists and hit the arm of 
your chair with your left fist. 
In terms of the model which we have developed, the therapist has 
succeeded  in  metacommenting.  Specifically,  he  metacommented  
on three messages presented by the client: 
Client's Messages: 
The words: / really am beginning to enjoy my job. 
The client's voice tone as translated by the therapist into 
the words: Your voice didn't sound like you are enjoy-
ing your job. 
The  client's  body  movement  as  translated  by  the  therapist  
into  the  words:  You  balled  your  hands  up  into  fists  
and hit the arm of your chair with your left fist. 
Therapist's Metacomment or Metamessage: 
The words: / heard you say that you are really beginning 
to enjoy your job, and, as you said this, I was aware of 
two other things: your voice didn't sound like you are 
enjoying your job, and you balled your hands up into 
fists and hit the arm of your chair with your left fist. 
The  therapist's  metamessage  meets  both  of  the  conditions  we  
presented  above  —  it  is  in  the  same  representational  system  as  the  
client's  messages,  and  it  is  a  message  about  the  client's  messages.  
Notice  that,  in  order  to  successfully  present  a  metamessage  to  the  
client,  the  therapist  had  to  translate  the  client's  messages  (pre-
sented  in  output  systems  [voice  tone  and  body  movement]  other  
than  the  one  which  the  therapist  intended  to  use  to  present  the  
metamessage  [language])  into  that  output  system  —  the  therapist  
translated  the  client's  non-verbal  behavior  which  he  wished  to  
comment on into words and then commented on that behavior in 
words.  The  therapist  has  employed  the  representational  systems  
Meta-Tactic  II  (Switching  Representational  Systems)  as  an  essen-
tial part of his metamessage. 
The third way in which our model of incongruity differs from 
the Bateson model is that, since in the paramessage set no message 

Incongruity / 43 
is meta with respect to any other, there are no restrictions on the 
integration  of  the  parts  of  the  person  represented  by  these  para-
messages when they are incongruent. In the binary model in which 
all  relationship  (analogical)  messages  are  meta  with  respect  to  the  
content  (digital)  messages,  any  attempt  to  integrate  the  parts  of  
the  person  represented  by  these  conflicting  messages  is  auto-
matically  a  violation  of  the  Theory  of  Logical  Types.  Thus,  in  the  
context  of  this  model,  such  an  attempt  at  integration  invites  
paradox.  We  will  return  to  this  point  later  in  the  section  on  
integration. In table form, then, we can show the three major ways 
in  which  our  model  for  incongruity  differs  from  that  developed  by  
Bateson and his colleagues: 
Grinder/Bandler Bateson/Russell 
n-ary  distinctions  available  Binary  distinctions  available  
for  congruity  checks  (para-  for  congruity  checks  (meta-  
messages). message—message). 
Accepts  all  output  channel  Distinguishes  the  relationship  
messages  as  valid  represen-  level  (analogical)  as  meta  to  
tations of the client. the content level (verbal) and, 
therefore, is the valid message. 
Accepts  no  restrictions  on  Accepts  a  restriction  on  inte-  
integration  of  parts  of  the  gration  of  parts  of  the  person  
client  represented  by  the  —  any  attempt  to  integrate  
differing paramessages. parts represented by relation- 
ship   and   content   levels   is   a   
violation  of  the  Theory  of  
Logical Types. 
We move on now to a presentation of the strategy for using a 
client's incongruities as a basis for growth and change. 
A GENERAL STRATEGY FOR 
RESPONDING TO INCONGRUITY 
When  a  client  communicates  incongruently,  presenting  a  set  of  
paramessages  which  do  not  match,  the  therapist  is  faced  with  an  
existential decision. The therapist's actions in responding to the 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

44 / PARTII 
incongruency of the client will have a profound effect upon the 
client's subsequent experience. 
The therapist's task in working with a client's incongruencies is 
to assist the client in changing by integrating the parts of the client 
which  are  in  conflict,  the  incongruencies  which  are  draining  his  
energies  and  blocking  him  from  getting  what  he  wants.  Typically,  
when a client has parts which are in conflict, no part is successful, 
but  each  sabotages  the  others'  efforts  to  achieve  what  they  want.  
Within  a  client  who  has  conflicting  parts,  there  are  (at  least)  two  
incompatible  models  or  maps  of  the  world.  As  these  models  both  
serve as a guide for the client's behavior and are incompatible, his 
behavior  is,  itself,  inconsistent.  Integration  is  a  process  by  which  
the client creates a new model of the world which includes both of 
the  formerly  incompatible  models  in  such  a  way  that  they  are  
coordinated  and  function  smoothly  together,  both  working  to  
assist the client in getting what he wants from life. 
The general strategy for integrating conflicting parts in a client 
is stated in Magic I (Chapter 6, pp. 28-29): 
Different  portions  of  a  person's  reference  structure  can  be  
expressed  by  different  representational  systems  ..  .  the  
portion  of  the  reference  structure  which  one  represen-
tational system is expressing does not fit with the portion 
of  the  reference  structure  which  the  other  representational  
system  is  expressing  —  we  refer  to  this  situation  as  an  
inconsistent  double  message,  incongruity  or  incongruent  
communication.  .  .  .  One  of  the  most  impoverishing  situa-
tions  which  we  have  encountered  in  therapy  is  that  in  
which  a  person  maintains  contradictory  portions  of  his  
reference  structure.  Typically,  these  contradictory  por-
tions  have  the  form  of  two  contradictory  generalizations  
which apply to the same area of behavior. Most frequently, 
the person whose reference structure includes these incon-
sistent  generalizations  has  the  experience  of  being  im-
mobilized,  being  profoundly  confused,  or  oscillating  
between two inconsistent forms of behavior. 
. .. the overall strategy that the therapist has adopted 
is  that  specified  explicitly  by  the  Meta-model  —  to  chal-
lenge and expand the impoverished portions of the client's 
model.  Characteristically,  this  takes  the  form  of  either  
recovering (enactment) or creating (guided fantasy, thera- 

Incongruity / 45 
peutic  double  bind)  a  reference  structure  which  contra-
dicts  and  therefore  challenges  the  limiting  generalizations  
in  the  client's  model.  In  this  case,  the  incongruent  com-
munication  itself  is  an  indicator  of  the  two  portions  of  a  
person's  inconsistent  reference  structure  —  two  generaliza-
tions  which  can  serve  as  contradictory  reference  structures  
for each other. The therapist's strategy here is to bring the 
two contradictory generalizations into contact. This can be 
most  directly  accomplished  by  bringing  these  generaliza-
tions into the same representational system. 
More  specifically,  the  strategy  for  working  with  incongruities  
involves three phases: 
1. Identifying the client's incongruencies; 
2. Sorting the client's incongruencies; 
3. Integrating the client's incongruencies. 
These three phases are, of course, a fiction, as are all models. It 
sometimes happens that the phases do not occur in their full form, 
or,  frequently,  they  will  not  be  sharply  distinguishable,  but  will  
flow into one another. They have proven to be, as is demanded of 
any model, a useful way both of organizing our own experiences 
in therapy and in teaching others to do the same. 
In  short,  the  therapist  has  the  task  of  assisting  the  client  in  
learning to use his conflicting parts or incongruencies as resources 
— of assisting the client to become congruent. 
To  assist  the  reader  in  following  the  description  of  the  three  
phases of work in incongruity, we provide here a mini-glossary. 
Mini-Glossary 
Congruency/lncongruency —  The  term  congruency is  used  to  
describe  a  situation  in  which  the  person  communicating  has  
aligned  all  of  his  output  channels  so  that  each  of  them  is  
representing,  carrying  or  conveying  the  same  or  a  compatible  
message.  When  all  of  a  person's  output  channels  (body  posture  
and  movements,  voice  tonality  and  tempo,  words)  are  repre-
senting the same or compatible messages, the person is said to 
be congruent. Other people's experience of a congruent human 
being  is  usually  described  in  terms  of  that  person's  having  
personal  presence,  knowing  what  he  is  talking  about,  being  
charismatic, dynamic, and a host of other superlatives. Two 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

46/PART II 
outstanding examples which come to our minds of people who 
have developed this ability to be congruent are the well-known 
family therapist Virginia Satir and Rudolf Nureyev, one of the 
world's best known dancers. 
The term incongruent, then, applies to a situation in which 
the  person  communicating  is  presenting  a  set  of  messages  
carried  by  his  output  channels  which  do  not  match,  are  not  
compatible  —  this  person  is  said  to  be  incongruent.  Other  
people's  experience  of  an  incongruent  person  is  confusion,  
saying  that  he  doesn't  know  what  he  really  wants,  is  incon-
sistent, untrustworthy, indecisive. 
The  terms  congruent and incongruent may  be  applied  to  
messages presented by a person's output channels as well as to 
the  persons  themselves.  Thus,  if  messages  carried  by  two  
output  systems  are  incompatible,  do  not  fit,  do  not  match,  
they are incongruent; if they fit, they are congruent. 
Finally, the terms congruent/incongruent may be applied 
to  representations  in  different  representational  systems  using  
the same criteria as stated above. 
Metamessage/Paramessage — The term metamessage is applied to a 
message  (A)  with  respect  to  some  other  message  (B)  if  two  
conditions hold: 
Message A is meta with respect to message B if and only if: 
(a)  Both A and B are messages in the same represen 
tational system or in the same output channel 
and 
(b)  A is a message about B (equivalently, A has B in its 
scope). 
For example, if message B is the sentence / feel angry, then 
message A is considered meta with respect to B, when A is the 
sentence / feel scared about feeling angry. 
The  term  paramessage  is  applied  to  two  or  more  messages  
expressed  simultaneously  in  different  representational  systems  or  
(more  usually)  in  different  output  channels.  Paramessages  may  be  
either  congruent  or  incongruent  with  respect  to  one  another.  For  
example, if a woman says the sentence / am sad with a voice tone 
which  is  loud  and  threatening,  the  messages  represented  by  the  
words / am sad and the voice tonality are paramessages, in this 
case  incongruent  paramessages.  Paramessages  are  always  messages  
of  the  same  logical  level,  expressed  in  different  representational  
systems or output channels. 

Incongruity / 47 
Consistent/Contradictory —  The  term  consistent is  applied  to  two  
or  more  messages  of  the  same  logical  type  (expressed  in  the  
same  representational  system  or  output  channel)  which  are  
compatible  —  they  can  both  be  true  at  the  same  time.  For  
example, the statements 
/ am hungry. 
and 
/ want to eat. 
are consistent messages. 
The term contradictory is applied to two or more messages 
of  the  same  logical  type  (expressed  in  the  same  represen-
tational  system  or  output  channel)  which  are  incompatible  —  
they  cannot  both  be  true  at  the  same  time.  For  example,  any  
sentence and its negation; the sentences 
/ 'm hungry. 
and 
I'm not hungry. 
are such a pair. 
Satir  Category  I  Stance  —  Virginia  Satir  has  identified  four  com-
munication  categories  or  stances  which  people  adopt  under  
stress.  Each  of  these  Satir  categories  are  characterized  by  a  
particular  body  posture,  set  of  gestures,  accompanying  body  
sensations, and syntax. 
(1) Placater 
Words — agree — ("Whatever you want is okay. I am just 
here to make you happy.") Body — placates — ("I am 
helpless.") Insides — ("I feel like a nothing; without him I 
am dead. I 
am worthless.") 
The placater always talks in an ingratiating way, trying 
to  please,  apologizing,  never  disagreeing,  no  matter  what.  
He's a "yes man." He talks as though he could do nothing 
for  himself;  he  must  always  get  someone  to  approve  of  
him. You will find later that if you play this role for even 
five  minutes,  you  will  begin  to  feel  nauseous  and  want  to  
vomit. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

481 PART II 
A big help in doing a good placating job is to think of 
yourself  as  really  worth  nothing.  You  are  lucky  just  to  be  
allowed  to  eat.  You  owe  everybody  gratitude,  and  you  
really  are  responsible  for  everything  that  goes  wrong.  You  
know  you  could  have  stopped  the  rain  if  you  used  your  
brains,  but  you  don't  have  any.  Naturally  you  will  agree  
with  any  criticism  made  about  you.  You  are,  of  course,  
grateful  for  the  fact  that  anyone  even  talks  to  you,  no  
matter  what  they  say  or  how  they  say  it.  You  would  not  
think  of  asking  anything  for  yourself.  After  all,  who  are  
you  to  ask?  Besides,  if  you  can  just  be  good  enough  it  will  
come by itself. 
Be the most syrupy, martyrish, bootlicking person you 
can be. Think of yourself as being physically down on one 
knee,  wobbling  a  bit,  putting  out  one  hand  in  a  begging  
fashion, and be sure to have your head up so your neck 
will hurt and your eyes will become strained so in no time 
at all you will begin to get a headache. 
When  you  talk  in  this  position  your  voice  will  be  
whiny  and  squeaky  because  you  keep  your  body  in  such  a  
lowered  position  that  you  don't  have  enough  air  to  keep  a  
rich,  full  voice.  You  will  be  saying  "yes"  to  everything,  no  
matter  what  you  feel  or  think.  The  placating  stance  is  the  
body position that matches the placating response. 
 

Incongruity / 49 
(2) Blamer 
Words — disagree — ("You never do anything right. What is 
the matter with you?") 
Body — blames — ("I am the boss around here.") 
Insides — ("I am lonely and unsuccessful.") 
The blamer is a fault-finder, a dictator, a boss. He acts 
superior, and he seems to be saying, "If it weren't for you, 
everything would be all right." The internal feeling is one 
of tightness in the muscles and in the organs. Meanwhile 
the blood pressure is increasing. The voice is hard, tight, 
and often shrill and loud. 
Good blaming requires you to be as loud and tyranni-
cal as you can. Cut everything and everyone down. 
As  a  blamer  it  would  be  helpful  to  think  of  yourself  
pointing your finger accusingly and to start your sentences 
with "You never do this or you always do that or why do 
you  always  or  why  do  you  never  .  .  ."  and  so  on.  Don't  
bother about an answer. That is unimportant. The blamer 
is much more interested in throwing his weight around 
than really finding out about anything. 
Whether  you  know  it  or  not,  when  you  are  blaming  
you  are  breathing  in  little  tight  spurts,  or  holding  your  
breath altogether, because your throat muscles are so tight. 
Have  you  ever  seen  a  really  first-rate  blamer  whose  eyes  
were bulging, neck muscles and nostrils standing out, who 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

50/ PARTII 
was  getting  red  and  whose  voice  sounded  like  someone  
shoveling coal? Think of yourself standing with one hand 
on  your  hip  and  the  other  arm  extended  with  your  index  
finger pointed straight out. Your face is screwed up, your 
lips curled, your nostrils flared as you yell, call names, and 
criticize everything under the sun. 
(3) Computer 
Words —  ultra-reasonable —  ("If one  were  to observe 
carefully, one might notice the workworn hands of 
someone present here.") 
Body — computes — ("I'm calm, cool, and collected.") 
Insides— ("I feel vulnerable.") 
The computer is  very  correct,  very  reasonable  with  no  
semblance  of  any  feeling  showing.  He  is  calm,  cool,  and  
collected. He could be compared to an actual computer or 
a  dictionary.  The  body  feels  dry,  often  cool,  and  dis-
associated. The voice is a dry monotone, and the words are 
likely to be abstract. 
When  you  are  a  computer,  use  the  longest  words  
possible,  even  if  you  aren't  sure  of  their  meanings.  You  
will at least sound intelligent. After one paragraph no one 
will  be  listening  anyway.  To  get  yourself  really  in  the  
mood for this role, imagine that your spine is a long, heavy 
 

Incongruity / 51 
steel rod reaching from your buttocks to the nape of your 
neck, and you have a ten-inch-wide iron collar around your 
neck.  Keep  everything  about  yourself  as  motionless  as  
possible, including your mouth. You will have to try hard 
to keep your hands from moving, but do it. 
When  you  are  computing,  your  voice  will  naturally  go  
dead because you have no feeling from the cranium down. 
Your mind is bent on being careful not to move, and you 
are  kept  busy  choosing  the  right  words.  After  all,  you  
should never make a mistake. The sad part of this role is 
that  it  seems  to  represent  an  ideal  goal  for  many  people.  
"Say the right words; show no feeling; don't react." 
(4) Distracter 
Words — irrelevant — (the words make no sense) 
Body — angular and off somewhere else 
Insides — ("Nobody cares. There is no place for me.") 
Whatever  the  distracter does  or  says  is  irrelevant  to  
what  anyone  else  is  saying  or  doing.  He  never  makes  a  
response  to  the  point.  His  internal  feeling  is  one  of  dizzi-
ness. The voice can be singsong, often out of tune with the 
words, and can go up and down without reason because it 
is focused nowhere. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

52 / PARTII 
When  you  play  the  distracting  role,  it  will  help  you  to  
think  of  yourself  as  a  kind  of  lopsided  top,  constantly  
spinning, but never knowing where you are going, and not 
realizing  it  when  you  get  there.  You  are  too  busy  moving  
your  mouth,  your  body,  your  arms,  your  legs.  Make  sure  
you are never on the point with your words. Ignore every-
one's questions; maybe come back with one of your own 
on  a  different  subject.  Take  a  piece  of  imaginary  lint  off  
someone's garment, untie shoelaces, and so on. 
Think of your body as going off in different directions 
at once. Put your knees together in an exaggerated, knock-
kneed fashion. This will bring your buttocks out and make 
it  easy  for  you  to  hunch  your  shoulders  and  have  your  
arms and hands going in opposite directions. 
At  first  this  role  seems  like  a  relief,  but  after  a  few  
minutes  of  play,  the  terrible  loneliness  and  purposelessness  
arise.  If  you  can  keep  yourself  moving  fast  enough,  you  
won't notice it so much. 
As practice for yourself, take the four physical stances 
I  have  described,  hold  them  for  just  sixty  seconds  and  see  
what  happens  to  you.  Since  many  people  are  unaccus-
tomed  to  feeling  their  body  reactions,  you  may  find  at  
first that you are so busy thinking you aren't feeling. Keep 
at  it,  and  you  will  begin  to  have  the  internal  feelings  
you've  experienced  so  many  times  before.  Then  the  
moment  you  are  on  your  own  two  feet  and  are  freely  
relaxed  and  able  to  move,  you  find  your  internal  feeling  
changes. 
It  is  my  hunch  that  these  ways  of  communicating  are  
learned early in childhood. As the child tries to make his 
way through the complicated and often threatening world 
in  which  he  finds  himself,  he  uses  one  or  another  of  these  
means  of  communicating.  After  enough  use  he  can  no  
longer distinguish his response from his feeling of worth or 
his personality. 
Use of any of these four responses forges another ring 
in  an  individual's  feeling  of  low  self-worth  or  low  pot.  
Attitudes prevalent in our society also reinforce these ways 
of  communicating  —  many  of  which  are  learned  at  our  
mother's knee. 
"Don't  impose;  it's  selfish  to  ask  for  things  for  your-
self," helps to reinforce placating. 

Incongruity / 53 
"Don't  let  anyone  put  you  down;  don't  be  a  coward,"  
helps to reinforce blaming. 
"Don't  be  so  serious.  Live  it  up!  Who  cares?"  helps  to  
reinforce distracting. 
{Peoplemaking, pp. 63-72; 
Science and Behavior Books) 
Finally, we would add to Satir's excellent description of each 
of these communication stances the syntactic correlates which we 
have found to accompany them: 
Satir Category 1 — Placater 
Use of qualifiers: //, only, just, even, etc. Use of subjunc-
tive  mood  of  verbs:  could,  would,  etc.  Mind  reading  
violations. 
Satir Category 2 — Blamer 
Use of universal quantifiers: all, every, any, each time, etc. 
Use of negative questions: Why don't you? How come you 
can't? etc. Cause-Effect violations. 
Satir Category 3 — Computer (super-reasonable) 
Deletion  of  experiencer  noun  arguments  —  the  subject  of  
active verbs as in / see — as can be seen or the object of 
verbs wherein the object noun argument is the experiencer 
as  in  disturbs  me  —  X  is  disturbing.  Use  of  nouns  without  
referential  indices:  it,  one,  people,  etc.  Use  of  nominaliza-
tions: frustration, stress, tension, etc. 
Satir Category 4 — Distracter 
This category, in our experience, is a rapid alternation of 
the  first  three;  thus,  the  syntax  which  identifies  it  is  a  
rapid  alternation  of  the  syntactic  patterns  of  each  of  the  
three  listed  above.  Also,  the  client  displaying  this  category  
rarely uses pronouns in his responses which refer to parts 
of the therapist's sentences and questions. 
PHASE 1 
IDENTIFYING THE CLIENT'S INCONGRUITIES 
The  first  step  in  the  overall  strategy  for  working  with  incon-
gruencies  is  for  the  therapist  to  be  able  to  recognize  incongru-
encies  in  the  client's  communication.  Each  time  a  client  expresses  
himself,  he  uses  each  of  his  output  channels  to  represent  to  the  
therapist  a  message  or  set  of  messages.  As  we  discussed  previously,  
each output channel conveys one message — the set of all messages 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

54 / PARTII 
presented  simultaneously  is  called  paramessages. Each  of  these  
paramessages is a valid representation of the client at that point in 
time. If each of the output channels carries the same message, then 
the  client  and  the  set  of  paramessages  are  congruent.  If,  however,  
one  or  more  of  the  output  channels  conveys  a  paramessage  which  
does not fit with the paramessage carried by another of the output 
channels,  the  client  is  incongruent.  In  order  for  therapists  to  
detect  incongruency  in  clients,  therapists  must  have  the  ability  to  
use  their  sensory  input  channels  without  hallucinating.  Specifi-
cally,  the  therapist  can  come  to  recognize  the  paramessages  being  
presented by the various body postures and gestures/movements 
of  the  client's  body  both  visually  and  kinesthetically.  The  thera-
pist can use both of his eyes and his hands and other parts of his 
body to watch and to touch the client's body. The therapist uses 
his auditory input channel to listen to the sounds which the client 
produces.  The  therapist  checks  both  within  each  of  his  input  
channels and across input channels to determine whether or not 
the paramessages which he is receiving match. For example, within 
the auditory input channel, the therapist checks the words which 
the client utters against the voice tone, against the tempo or rate 
of  speech  which  the  client  uses  to  convey  his  experience.  If  the  
therapist  determines  that  the  three  messages  carried  to  him  in  the  
auditory  input  channel  match,  he  then  checks  these  paramessages  
against  the  paramessages  he  is  receiving  through  his  visual  and  
kinesthetic  input  channels  to  determine  whether  these  are  all  
congruent, one with the other. 
We  are  not  suggesting  that  the  distinctions  which  we  are  
describing  here  exhaust  the  possible  distinctions  which  we  are  
capable of making as human beings — for example, in the auditory 
input  channel  that  language,  tonality  and  tempo  are  the  only,  or  
even the most important, distinctions which a therapist can make 
in therapy to detect incongruencies. What we are identifying here 
are  some  of  the  distinctions  which  we  have  found  useful  for  our-
selves  both  in  our  work  and  in  teaching  others  to  become  skilled  
therapists.  Furthermore,  we  want  to  point  out  that  experienced  
therapists  rarely  consciously  check  within  and  then  among  their  
different   input   channels   to   determine   whether   the   client   is   
communicating congruently. Rather, as we have come to realize in 
our experiences in Therapist Training Seminars, people training to 
become  therapists  initially  rely  primarily  on  a  few  distinctions  in  
one or more of their input systems. During this initial period, they 
are  very  conscious  of  checking  these  distinctions.  However,  in  a  
relatively  short  period  of  time,  this  systematic  checking  of  a  few  
distinctions in one or more input channels drops out of their 

Incongruity / 55 
consciousness,  but  their  behavior  remains  systematic  —  that  is,  
they  continue  to  consistently  detect  incongruities  in  the  client's  
communication when conflicting paramessages are presented along 
these  distinctions.  In  other  words,  while  they  no  longer  con-
sciously  check  for  conflicting  messages  from  the  client  in  these  
dimensions,  they  continue  to  see,  hear  and  feel  incongruities.  
Typically,  after  they  have  mastered  these  first  distinctions  and  
these  drop  out  of  consciousness,  they  begin  to  hear,  see  and  feel  
new  distinctions  which  allow  them  to  make  even  more  subtle  
judgments about the congruency of the client's communication. 
We want once more to emphasize that the therapist during this 
phase  of  incongruency  work  with  the  client  is  not  attempting  to  
interpret  or  understand  the  meanings  of  the  various  paramessages  
which  the  client  produces  as  he  communicates,  but  is  making  a  
simple  congruent/not  congruent  comparison  among  the  para-
messages which he is receiving.
5
There  is  to  our  knowledge  no  way  for  therapists  to  detect  
incongruencies in the client's communication except for therapists 
to  develop  their  abilities  to  see,  hear  and  feel  without  halluci-
nating. Once a therapist has trained herself to have her input chan-
nels free to accept the paramessages presented by the client and to 
compare them for congruency, she is well on her way to becoming 
a  dynamic  and  effective  therapist.  We  have  in  the  course  of  our  
Therapist  Training  Seminars  developed  a  number  of  special  tech-
niques which people training themselves to become therapists have 
found  useful.  These  are  simply  special  cases  of  the  general  princi-
ples  which  we  have  already  presented  —  there  is  no  substitute  for  
clearing  and  developing  your  input  channels.  We  present  three  of  
these special cases. 
Case I - "but" 
Sometimes the therapist hears the client utter a sentence and 
he suspects that he heard some incongruity but is not certain. One 
of  the  most  common  of  these  cases  is  when  the  client  utters  
sentences such as: 
/ really want to change the way that I act in public. 
I actually don't want to go to the party. 
I truly want to go to the show with him tonight. 
In   English,  when  a  person says a sentence which is a simple 
statement his voice drops at the end of the sentence. Say the 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

56 / PART II 
following two sentences aloud and listen to the difference in the 
way your voice shifts at the end of the sentence. 
/ will leave home precisely at midnight. 
and 
Do you want to leave home precisely at midnight? 
In saying the second sentence (the question) aloud and listening to 
yourself,  you  will  have  noticed  that  your  voice  rose  at  the  end,  
while,  when  you  said  the  first  sentence,  your  voice  dropped  at  the  
end.  Now,  say  the  first  set  of  sentences  again,  this  time  allowing  
your voice to rise slightly at the end — not as dramatically as you 
did  with  the  question  but  do  not  allow  your  voice  to  drop  as  is  
customary  with  simple  statements.  Listen  to  this  first  set  of  
sentences  as  you  say  them.  If  you  have  said  them  with  the  correct  
intonation pattern (slight rise at the end), you will have an almost-
an-incongruity  experience.  People  whose  most  highly  valued  
representational system is auditory will, in fact, hear an additional 
word inside their heads after the last word of each of the first set 
of  sentences  —  specifically,  they  will  hear  the  word  but. This  is  
the  basis  of  the  almost-an-incongruity  experience.  What  has  
happened  is  that  the  slight  rise  in  intonation  at  the  end  of  this  
special class of sentences called Implied Causatives (see Magic I, 
Chapter  4,  for  a  detailed  discussion)  signals  the  listener  that  the  
sentence  is  not  complete  —  a  portion  of  it  is  missing.  Whenever  
you are acting as a therapist and have this particular experience, we 
suggest  that  you  simply  lean  forward,  look  carefully  at  the  client  
and  say  the  word  but and  wait  for  the  client  to  finish  the  
sentence  with  the  portion  which  he  had  originally  omitted.  
Thus, 
Client: I really want to change the way that I act in public. 
Therapist: ... but... 
Client: . . . but I'm afraid that people won't pay attention 
to me. 
This provides an excellent opportunity for you to train your input 
channels  to  notice  differences  in  the  client's  communication.  
Typically,  the  client's  body  posture,  gestures,  tonality,  tempo  and  
syntax  will  be  radically  different  during  the  period  when  he  is  
saying the portion of the sentence before you, the therapist, say 
the word but and during the period when he is saying the portion 
of  the  sentence  after  you  say  the  word  but. In  other  words,  the  
client will express two different parts or models of the world — 

Incongruity I 51 
one associated with the first portion of the sentence and another 
associated with the last portion of the sentence. 
Case II — The Meta-Question 
Another  very  common  situation  which  we  have  found  useful  
for assisting people in learning to identify shifts or differences in 
the  client's  communication  is  what  we  have  termed  the  meta-
question. The following is an example: 
Client: I feel so angry about my job. 
Therapist: Yes, and how do you feel about feeling angry? 
Client: Well, I feel scared about feeling angry. 
This  question  is  extensively  used  by  Virginia  Satir  in  her  dynamic  
therapy — she describes this question as an excellent way to tap 
the client's self-esteem (the client's feelings about his feelings) — a 
part  of  the  client  closely  connected  with  his  ability  to  cope  (see  
Magic  I,  Chapter  6,  for  more  discussion).  Again  this  exchange  
typically involves the client's shifting the paramessages in each of 
his  output  channels  radically  from  his  first  statement  about  his  
feelings  to  his  response  to  the  therapist's  meta-question  about  his  
feelings  about  his  feelings  —  the  next  higher  logical  level.  We  will  
return to this example during the section on integration to demon-
strate effective ways for a therapist to cope with different parts of 
a  client  which  exist  (at  this  point  in  the  process)  as  different  
logical types — one meta to the other. 
Case III — An Anatomical Basis for Incongruity 
It has been known for some time that the vast majority of right-
handed human beings have their language function located in their 
left cerebral hemisphere. This assymetry'is perhaps the most widely 
accepted  of  the  differences  which  have  been  claimed  to  exist  
between the two hemispheres of the brains of human beings. One 
of  the  most  fascinating  reports  concerning  the  possibility  of  
independent  action  by  each  hemisphere  individually  comes  from  
studies  of  people  whose  major  connection  between  the  cerebral  
hemispheres  has  been  severed  surgically.  Some  of  the  medical  
personnel involved are convinced that the result of such operations 
leaves  the  person  operated  on  with  two  independent,  only  tenu-
ously  associated, consciousnesses (see Gazzaniga, Eccles in the 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

Si I PART II 
bibliography). Gazzaniga comments (pp. 106-07): 
...  other  cases,  where  the  will  and  intent  of  one  hemi-
sphere  (and  usually  the  left)  could  prevail  over  the  entire  
motor  system,  antagonistic  behavior  between  the  two  
halves  of  the  body  was  kept  at  a  minimum.  Case  I,  how-
ever, would sometimes find himself pulling his pants down 
with one hand and pulling them up with the other. Once, 
he  grabbed  his  wife  with  his  left  hand  and  shook  her  
violently, while with the right trying to come to his wife's 
aid in bringing the left belligerent hand under control. 
We  have  become  aware  that  bi-lateral  incongruities  exist  in  
many of the communications of our clients when the words which 
the  client  is  saying  are  congruent  with  the  paramessages  being  
expressed by the right side of the client's body while the left side 
(in  a  client  who  is  right-handed)  is  carrying  a  set  of  paramessages  
which   are   incongruent   with   the   verbal   paramessage   and   the   
communications  carried  on  the  opposite  side.  For  example,  a  
fairly  common  incongruity  is  what  we  have  come  to  call  the 
choker  —  typically,  the  client's  words  and  the  right  side  of  his  
body  are  carrying  messages  which  are  congruent  while  the  client's  
left  hand  is  fastened  tightly  on  his  throat,  blocking  much  of  the  
available  passage  for  the  flow  of  air.  Paying  close  attention  to  the  
paramessages  being  carried  by  the  words  and  the  right  side  of  the  
client's  body  and  comparing  them  to  the  paramessages  being  
conveyed  by  the  left  side  will  provide  you  with  a  continuing  
opportunity to sharpen your ability to detect incongruities.
6
In  this,  the  final  portion  of  Phase  I  —  Identifying  the  Client's  
Incongruity  —  we  present  you  with  a  series  of  exercises.  These  
exercises  are  designed  to  assist  you  in  developing  your  skill  in  
detecting  incongruencies  —  an  important  skill  in  your  growth  as  a  
people-helper. 
EXERCISES 
DEVELOPING YOUR ABILITY 
TO DETECT INCONGRUENCIES 
VISUALLY 
During  your  waking  hours  you  are  constantly  being  bom-
barded  with  visual  information;  much of this is visual information 
about other human beings like yourself. This exercise is designed 

Incongruity / 59 
to  assist  you  in  sharpening  your  skills  in  identifying  incongruent  
paramessages  visually.  Decide  at  the  beginning  of  each  day  before  
leaving  your  home  to  set  aside  a  30-minute  period  some  time  
during the day for you to exercise your ability to identify incon-
gruent visual communications. Decide on a specific time and place 
—  the  place  should  allow  you  to  observe  people  conversing  with  
one  another  without  your  becoming  involved  in  the  conversation.  
Observing  from  a  distance  of  between  5  and  20  feet  will  be  
satisfactory  —  a  public  place  such  as  a  cafe,  a  restaurant,  an  
airport, or a park will do. 
Step 1 — When you arrive at the place you have decided upon, 
find yourself a comfortable position, take out a pad and pencil, 
and  take  a  deep  breath.  Select  one  person  to  observe,  giving  this  
person  your  full  attention  for  the  first  10  minutes.  Ignore  all  
sounds,  especially  any  sounds  which  the  person  you're  observing  
might be making. On your pad of paper, you will have copied the 
list of visual checkpoints listed at the end of this exercise. Begin 
by  consciously  and  systematically  considering  each  of  the  first  
three  items  on  the  checklist;  take  your  time  and  check  each  in  
turn, comparing the paramessages being conveyed by each of these 
items  on  your  checklist  to  see  whether  they  are  congruent  with  
one  another.  If  you  find  that  you  have  no  difficulty  determining  
whether  the  first  three  items  on  your  checklist  are  conveying  
congruent  paramessages,  increase  the  number  of  checklist  items  
until you are using all the items on the checklist. After the first 10 
minutes,  select  another  person  to  observe,  following  the  above  
sequence.  Repeat  a  third  time.  Compare  your  experience  in  
observing these three people. 
Step 2 — When you have done the exercise described in Step 1 
above each day for a week or when you find that you can perform 
that  exercise  with  ease,  try  the  following:  Again  decide  on  a  time  
and place for your exercise — the same requirements as in Step 1. 
Again  select  a  person  to  observe.  This  time,  however,  use  the  
checkpoint  list  for  each  side  of  the  body  —  that  is,  in  the  case  of  
checking the hands of the person whom you are observing, check 
the  paramessages  conveyed  by  position  and  movements  of  the  
right  hand  against  the  paramessages  presented  by  the  position  and  
movements  of  the  left  hand.  Next  check  the  set  of  paramessages  
carried  by  all  of  the  checkpoints  on  one  side  of  the  person's  body  
against the set of paramessages carried by the other side. Spend 
the  first  15  minutes  doing  this.  In  the  last  15  minutes,  observe  
another  person  —  this  time  do  not use  the  checklist;  rather,  focus  
your eyes on a spot 3-4 feet to one side or the other of the person 
(find some object to focus on at that distance). Notice that you 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

60 / PARTII 
are  able  to  detect  the  client's  movement  move  accurately  when  
focusing  your  eyes  in  this  way  —  pay  particular  attention  to  the  
smoothness  (or  lack  of  it)  of  the  person's  movement,  whether  the  
person completes his movements or cuts them short, whether one 
side  of  his  body  moves  in  a  manner  congruent  with  the  way  the  
other  side  of  his  body  moves.  Spend  5  minutes  in  this  type  of  
observation.  For  the  remaining  10  minutes,  simply  observe  the  
person  without  the  use  of  the  prepared  checklist,  note  any  
portions of the person's body which are particularly expressive for 
your  purposes  of  identifying  incongruencies.  You  will  find,  for  
example,  that  certain  portions  of  the  body  of  the  person  you  are  
observing  move  in  unison  as  though  rigidly  connected  together  
while  other  portions  of  his  body  move  independently  of  one  
another. 
Continue this exercise for a week or until you can do it with 
ease. 
Checklist for Visual Paramessages 
1. The person's hands; 
2. The person's breathing; 
3. The person's legs and feet; 
4. The eye fixation patterns; 
5. The head/neck/shoulder relationship; 
6. The facial expression, especially the eyebrows, the mouth, 
and the cheek muscles. 
AUDITORIALLY 
As  with  your  visual  sense,  during  your  waking  hours  you  are  
constantly  being  bombarded  with  auditory  information.  This  
exercise is designed to assist you in refining your skills in identify-
ing  incongruent  paramessages  auditorially.  As  in  the  instructions  
given for the first exercise, decide at the beginning of each day for 
a  week  before  leaving  home  to  set  aside  a  30-minute  period  in  
which  you  will  exercise  your  new  skill.  Decide  on  a  specific  time  
and  place  —  again,  this  place  should  allow  you  to  sit  near  enough  
(5—10 feet, depending on noise level) that you can hear distinctly 
the voice of the person to whom you will be listening. Places such 
as  those  suggested  for  the  visual  exercise  will  serve  your  purposes  
here. 
When  you  arrive  at  the  place  which  you  have  selected,  find  
yourself a comfortable position, take out a pad and pencil, and 

Incongruity / 61 
take a deep breath. Choose one person to listen to — listen to this 
person  with  your  full  and  complete  attention.  To  assist  you  in  
accomplishing this, either unfocus your eyes, close them, or focus 
them  on  some  non-moving,  homogeneous  portion  of  the  place  
you're  in  —  a  blank  wall,  for  example.  Ignore  all  visual  input;  
concentrate  your  attention  on  the  person  you  have  selected.  On  
your  pad  of  paper  you  will  have  copied  the  list  of  auditory  
distinctions  to  which  you  are  to  pay  attention.  Go  through  the  
first  three  items  on  your  list,  consciously  and  systematically  
considering  each  of  these  one  by  one.  Then  compare  them  pair-
wise  to  determine  whether  the  paramessages  which  are  being  
conveyed  are  congruent  or  not.  If  you  find  that  you  have  no  
difficulty  in  making  congruency  judgments  about  these  para-
messages,  increase  the  number  of  checklist  items  that  you  are  
using until you are using all of them. Use 10 minutes of your total 
30 minutes in this way. Repeat the exercise with two more people. 
Compare the patterns of congruency and incongruency among the 
paramessages of the people whom you have observed. 
Checklist for Auditory Paramessages 
1. The tonality of the person's voice; 
2. The tempo of the person's speech; 
3. The words, phrases, and sentences used by the person; 
4. The volume of the person's voice; 
5. The intonation patterns of the person's speech. 
VISUALLY AND AUDITORIALLY 
Repeat the initial preparations as in the previous two exercises 
— decide on a place and time and allow yourself 30 minutes a day 
for a week for this exercise. This is designed to give you practice in 
comparing  paramessages  in  different  modalities  for  congruency.  
Place yourself so that you are able to both see and hear the person 
you  have  selected.  Begin  by  checking  for  congruency  among  the  
first three items on your visual checklist, then check the first three 
items  on  your  auditory  checklist,  and,  finally,  check  the  items  
across  checklists,  increase  the  number  of  paramessages  from  each  
list  until  you  are  using  both  lists.  Observe  and  listen  to  three  
people  for  10  minutes  each.  Compare  the  patterns  of  congruency  
and  incongruency  for  each  of  these  people.  Once  this  task  has  
become  easy  for  you,  begin  to  pay  particular  attention  to  the  
congruency/incongruency patterns as discussed in Case III — An 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

62/PARTI/ 
Anatomical   Basis   for   Incongruency.   Specifically,   notice   the   
congruency/incongruency  patterns  of  handedness,  verbal  para-
messages,  and  the  paramessages  which  are  displayed  in  those  
postures and movements of the side of the person's body which is 
controlled primarily by the dominant hemisphere. 
PHASE 2 
SORTING THE CLIENT'S INCONGRUITIES 
When  a  client  presents  a  therapist  with  a  set  of  incongruent  
paramessages, he has, quite literally, presented the therapist with a 
set  of  choices  of  how  to  proceed  to  assist  him  in  changing  and  
growing. Each paramessage is a statement to the therapist that the 
client has a resource which the therapist may choose to use in the 
client's growth process. The therapist, by recognizing each of these 
paramessages as a valid representation of the client, is accepting 
and  utilizing  the  client's  resources  in  a  way  which  avoids  judg-
ments  about  what  is  best for  the  client  or  about  which  of  the  
conflicting paramessages is the true representation of the client.
5 
It 
is  at  this  point  —  when  the  therapist  has  identified  the  incon-
gruities  in  the  client's  communication  —  that  the  therapist  will  
begin  to  work  actively  to  convert  the  client's  incongruities  into  
identifiable,  fully  expressed  parts.  Here  one  of  the  important  
choices which the therapist must make is how many and which of 
the  client's  parts  he  will  assist  the  client  in  integrating.  Our  
experience in this task ranges from working with two parts to up 
to twenty parts simultaneously. 
POLARITIES 
The  most  common  sorting  of  a  client's  incongruities  is  a  
sorting into two parts — we distinguish this situation with a special 
name.  When  a  client's  incongruent  paramessages  are  sorted  into  
two  parts  for  therapeutic  work,  we  call  these  two  parts  polarities. 
Very dramatic therapeutic work and profound and lasting change 
can be achieved by a therapist and clients through polarities. 

Incongruity / 63 
Simultaneous Incongruity 
paramessage A 
paramessage B 
paramessage N 
\ 
paramessage A 
paramessage J 
Polarities 
paramessage I 
(Sequential Incongruity) 
paramessage N 
We recommend the sorting of incongruities into polarities as 
an  excellent  therapeutic  technique  and  one  which  will  allow  the  
therapist  to  make  sense  out  of  the  client's  behavior.  We  make  
effective  polarity  work  a  prerequisite  for  therapists  before  in-
structing  them  in  working  with  more  than  two  of  the  client's  
identifiable parts at one time. In our description of Phases 2 and 3, 
we  will  focus  on  the  two-parts  situation  —  the  polarity  case;  the  
remarks  we  make  are  also  applicable  to  work  in  which  more  than  
two  parts  are  being  handled  simultaneously.  At  the  end  of  the  
sections  on  Phases  2  and  3,  we  will  discuss  more  specifically  
working with more than two parts at a time. 
INCONGRUITIES INTO POLARITIES 
The  therapist  is  now  ready  to  help  the  client  to  sort  his  
incongruities  into  polarities.  He  begins  by  selecting  one  of  the  
paramessages with which the client has presented him. Suppose we 
use  a  description  given  earlier  in  this  part  as  an  example.  The  
messages  which  we  identified  earlier  (coming  from  a  male  client)  
were: 
Body stiff (Paramessage A); 
Breathing shallow and irregular (Paramessage B); 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

MI PART II 
Left hand with extended index finger (Paramessage C); Right 
hand palm open and turned up in lap (Paramessage D); 
Harsh, shrill voice (Paramessage E); Rapid rate of speech 
(Paramessage F); 
The words: / do everything I can to help her; I love her so very 
much (Paramessage G). 
What we have here is a set of paramessages which do not match — 
the  client  is  being  incongruent.  The  therapist  does  not,  at  this  
point,  interpret  the  paramessages;  he  simply  notes  that  they  do  
not all fit.  However,  some  of  the  paramessages  fit  with  other  
paramessages. For example: 
Group I Group II 
Left  hand  with  extended  index  Right  hand  palm  open,  turned  up  
finger;                                          in                                          lap; 
Harsh, shrill voice; The words: / do everything I can 
Rapid rate of speech; to help her; I love her so very 
much. 
The  paramessages  in  Group  I  fit  with  one  another  as  do  the  
paramessages  in  Group  II.  The  paramessages  of  one  group  do  not,  
however, fit with those of the other group. (The paramessages not 
listed  in  either  Group  I  or  Group  II  fit  with  either  group.)  The  
client  has,  of  course,  had  long  experience  in  expressing  his  mixed 
feelings about his wife and will, in most cases, be quite unaware of 
the incongruities in his communication. The therapist now selects 
one of the groups of paramessages which fit together and begins 
the  process  of  assisting  the  client  in  fully  expressing  one  of  his  
polarities.  Suppose  that  the  therapist  chooses  to  work  with  the  
Group  II  paramessages  first.  He  arranges  two  empty  chairs,  facing  
one another. He directs the client to sit in one of these chairs and 
tells  him  to  repeat  what  he  has  just  said.  As  the  client  repeats  the  
words  which  he  had  just  said,  the  therapist  listens  and  watches  
carefully  —  his  task  now  is  to  te^ch  the  client  to  be  totally  
congruent in his communication, using the Group II paramessages 
as a guide. In other words, as the client repeats what he originally 
said,  the  therapist  acts  as  a  movie  director  or  a  play  director,  
coaching  the  client,  providing  feedback,  literally  molding  the  
client's  body  with  his  hands  and  words,  instructing  him  in  voice  
tonality and rate of speech until all of the client's output channels 
are representing the same or congruent paramessages. He then 

Incongruity / 65 
directs  the  client  to  move  over  into  the  opposite  chair,  leaving  
behind  all  the  feelings  and  thoughts  which  he  has  just  expressed.  
The  therapist  places  the  client's  body  in  the  posture  and  with  the  
gestures  which  he  identified  as  Group  I  paramessages.  After  
placing him in this body posture, the therapist directs the client to 
say something which fits for him at that moment in time, and to 
say  it  with  a  rapid  rate  of  speech  and  in  a  harsh,  shrill  voice.  The  
therapist utilizes his skills in detecting incongruities to change the 
portions  of  the  client's  communication  (the  paramessages)  which  
do  not  fit  with  the  paramessages  of  Group  I.  In  other  words,  the  
therapist  now  uses  the  paramessages  of  Group  I  as  the  guide  and  
adjusts all of the client's other paramessages to be congruent with 
these.  Here  he  is  working  to  have  the  other  polarity  express  itself  
fully  and  congruently.  The  therapist  will  usually  have  to  have  the  
client switch from chair to chair (that is, from polarity to polarity) 
a  number  of  times  before  he  will  be  able  to  express  himself  
congruently in each position. 
What  have  the  therapist  and  the  client  accomplished  when  the  
client  is  able  to  express  himself  congruently  in  each  polarity?  One  
way  of  answering  this  question  which  we  have  found  useful  in  our  
Therapist Training Seminars is to state that the client has changed 
from  expressing  himself  incongruently  simultaneously  to  express-
ing  himself  incongruently  sequentially.  The  client  began  the  
session  stuck  and  confused,  incongruent  in  his  communication,  
simultaneously  expressing  parts  of  himself  which  did  not  fit  
together.  Now  the  client  can  express  himself  congruently  at  each  
point in  time,  although  he  is  still  incongruent  over  a  period of 
time.  The  situation  has  changed  from  one  of  simultaneous  in-
congruity  to  sequential  incongruity,  or  alternating  polarities.  
When  this  occurs,  the  second  phase  of  the  incongruity  work  is  
accomplished. 
In  the  description  of  the  therapist's  actions  in  sorting  incon-
gruencies into polarities, we simply stated that he worked with the 
client to assist him in communicating congruently in each polarity, 
assisting him in expressing each of his polarities fully, one after the 
other. We will now present some explicit techniques for assisting 
the client in moving from simultaneous incongruities to alternating 
polarities.  We  will  consider  three  specific  problems  in  sorting  
incongruities  into  polarities  which  we  have  noted  occurring  over  
and over again: 
(1)  How  to  sort  incongruities  into  polarities  —  what  tech-
niques  are  effective  in  shifting  from  a  set  of  incongruent  
paramessages to polarities; 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

661 PART II 
(2)  How to assist the client in fully expressing each polarity; 
(3)  How to know, specifically, when the polarities are sorted 
for integration. 
Spatial Sorting 
In  the  example  described  above,  we  used  a  technique  which  
was  made  famous  by  the  late  Fritz  Perls  —  the  "empty-chair"  
technique.  The  therapist  in  the  example  used  two  chairs  as  loca-
tions  which  the  client  could  associate  with  each  of  his  polarities.  
This  empty-chair  technique  is  only  one  of  a  potentially  infinite  
number  of  ways  of  sorting  incongruencies  into  polarities  on  the  
basis of spatial sorting. Each of you can use your own imagination 
to create a variation on the empty-chair technique. The underlying 
principle  is  to  use  a  distinct  spatial  location  to  assist  the  client  in  
sorting the paramessages into polarities — two different patterns 
on  a  rug,  two  sides  of  a  doorway,  etc.  Each  of  these  would  serve  
equally  well.  The  most  useful  part  of  the  technique  is  that  it  helps  
both the therapist and the client to know where each paramessage 
is  located.  Notice  that  spatial  sorting  always  actively  involves  the  
client  kinesthetically  —  that  is,  the  client  must  physically  move  
from  one  spatial  location  to  another.  This  actual  kinesthetic  
change (especially when used with instructions from the therapist 
to  leave  behind  all  of  the  feelings  and  thoughts  [of  one  polarity]  
expressed  in  that  spatial  location  when  moving  to  another)  is  
congruent  with  the  change  that  the  client  is  learning  to  make,  
allowing  first  one  polarity  and  then  the  other  to  express  itself  
without incongruent paramessages between the polarities. 
Fantasy Sorting 
A second useful way to organize incongruities into polarities is 
fantasy  sorting.  This  is  particularly  useful  with  clients  whose  most  
highly  valued  representational  system  is  visual.  Using  the  above  
example again, the therapist, having detected the groupings of the 
paramessages,  decides  to  use  Group  II  as  a  guide:  He  instructs  the  
client  to  allow  his  eyes  to  close  and  to  make  a  picture  of  himself  
down  on  one  knee  with  his  hands  extended,  palms  turned  up.  
Once  the  client  has  indicated  that  he  has  a  stable,  clear,  focused  
image  of  himself,  the  therapist  will  begin  to  add  other  para-
messages  congruent  with  those  of  Group  II  already  incorporated  
into the image, both in the same representational system (visual) — 
for example, a quivering lip
7
 and in other representational systems 
as well. For example, the therapist may say: 
As you  watch your lips move, hear the words:  "I do 

Incongruity / 67 
everything I can for her; I love her so very much." 
Now the therapist has the client report the entire image, checking 
it for incongruent paramessages. When the image is congruent, the 
therapist works with the client to create a second visual fantasy, 
this  time  a  congruent  image  of  the  other  polarity  (based  on  the  
client's paramessages in Group I). The therapist will usually have 
to instruct the client to switch the images several times until each 
is  congruent.  With  this  fantasy  sorting,  the  client  has  access  to  
visual and auditory presentations of his polarities in a way that he 
does not have in spatial sorting.
8
Psychodramatic Sorting 
A third technique which we have found useful in sorting is one 
which  we  call  psychodramatic  sorting.  Here  the  therapist  has  the  
client select two members of the group to play his polarities. With 
the  assistance  of  the  therapist,  the  client  instructs  first  one  and  
then  the  other  person  in  playing  his  polarities.  For  example,  the  
therapist  has  one  of  the  group  members  adopt  all  of  the  para-
messages in Group I while the other group member adopts all of 
the  paramessages  of  Group  II.  The  client  and  the  therapist  then  
work  with  the  selected  group  members  to  make  each  of  them  a  
fully  expressed  and  congruent  polarity.  This  sorting  technique  
gives the client an opportunity to experience his polarities visually 
and  auditorially.  During  the  course  of  instructing  the  group  
members  to  play  the  polarities  properly  (that  is,  in  a  way  which  
matches the client's models), the therapist will direct the client to 
play first one and then the other of the polarities. This provides 
the  opportunity  for  the  client  to  experience  his  polarities  kines-
thetically as well as to insure that the group members are playing 
his  polarities  properly.  The  psychodramatic  sorting  technique  
serves as an excellent training device to assist therapists in training 
to  detect,  sort,  and  reproduce  the  paramessages  presented  by  the  
client. 
Representational System Sorting 
A  fourth  and  extremely  powerful  technique  for  assisting  a  
client  in  sorting  incongruities  into  polarities  is  that  of  represen-
tational  system  sorting.  One  of  the  most  frequent  ways  which  
people  use  in  maintaining  inconsistent  models  of  the  world  —  the  
basis  for  incongruities,  and,  therefore,  polarities  —  is  by  repre-
senting  the  conflicting  portions  of  their  model(s)  in  different  
representational systems. We can utilize this principle effectively 
in the sorting phase of incongruity work with clients. For exam- 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

68 / PARTII 
pie,  the  therapist  may  choose  to  have  the  client  sit  in  one  of  the  
empty chairs and, using Group II paramessages as a starting point, 
require  that  the  client  report  all  of  his  feelings  (body  sensations  —  
kinesthetic  representational  system)  about  his  wife.  Here  the  
therapist is alert to the predicates which the client uses, instructing 
him in the use of kinesthetic predicates to report his feelings. Once 
the  client  has  described  his  feelings,  the  therapist  will  move  him  
and  have  him  report  his  images  and  visual  perceptions  of  his  
experience  with  his  wife.  Here  the  therapist  assists  the  client  in  
using  visual  predicates  in  reporting.  One  specific  way  to  do  this  
would  be  for  the  therapist  to  assist  the  client  in  re-enacting  a  
recent  unsatisfactory  experience  that  he  had  with  his  wife.  The  
client  reports  all  of  the  body  sensations  which  he  experienced;  he  
then reports all of the pictures — the visual information he has of 
the experience. We encourage the people in our Therapist Training 
Seminars  to  use  this  technique  in  conjunction  with  the  following  
one — that of Satir Category Sorting — and have found it amaz-
ingly potent. 
Satir Category Sorting 
To use a Satir Category Sorting technique, the therapist simply 
sorts the paramessages available into the Satir Category to which 
they belong: 
Group I Group II 
Left hand with extended Right hand palm open, turned up 
index finger; in lap; 
Harsh, shrill voic^ the words: / do everything I can 
to help her; I love her so very 
Rapid rate of speech; much. 
1                1
 
Satir Category 2 Satir Category I 
(blaming)                                       (placating) 
The  use  of  these  two  sorting  techniques  in  conjunction  with  one  
another have, in every case in our experience, resulted in a sorting 
of  incongruities  into  polarities  which  forms  the  basis  for  a  pro-
found integration and growth step for the client involved. We have 
noted  over  and  over  again  certain  patterns  in  the  way  that  repre-
sentational systems and Satir category sort out. In the order of 

Incongruity / 69 
their  frequency  and  effectiveness,  they  occur  in  the  following  
way: 
Representational Systems Polarities 
Visual               Kinesthetic 
Visual               Auditory 
Auditory          Kinesthetic 
Kinesthetic       Kinesthetic 
Satir Category Polarities 
Blaming 2 Placating  1 
Blaming 2 Super-reasonable 3 
Super-reasonable 3        Placating 1 
Placating 1 Placating 1 
The  interaction  of  these  two  principles  provides  much  of  the  
power  when  they  are  used  in  combination.  The  most  useful  
generalizations  from  our  experience  are  that  the  following  Satir  
Categories  consistently  occur  with  the  representational  systems  
listed:
9
Representational System Satir Category 
Kinesthetic                  Placating                  1 
Visual                          Blaming                          2 
Auditory                     Super-reasonable                     3 
With these correspondences, therapists have an extremely power-
ful organizing principle in aiding them in sorting incongruities into 
polarities.  Any  polarity  which  displays  the  postures,  gestures  and  
syntax  of  a  Satir  Category  1  (placating)  (Group  II,  for  example)  
can  be  instructed  by  the  therapist  in  the  use  of  kinesthetic  predi-
cates;  in  the  case  of  a  polarity  which  shows  a  Satir  Category  2  in  
posture, gestures, etc., the therapist knows to best assist the client 
in  this  sorting  phase  by  insuring  that  he  uses  predicates  which  
presuppose  a  visual  representational  system.  In  our  experience,  by  
far  the  most  frequently  occurring  combination  is  a  polarity  split  
wherein  one  polarity  is  a  Satir  1  (placating)  with  a  kinesthetic  
representational  system  while  the  other  polarity  is  a  Satir  2  
(blaming)  with  a  visual  representational  system.  There  is  a  large  
amount  of  information,  especially  from  neurological  sources,  
which  indicates  that,  while  a  human being has a kinesthetic repre-
sentational  system  present  in  both  hemispheres,  the  two  cerebral  
hemispheres are specialized with respect to the other two represen-
tational systems, visual and auditory. Specifically, the language 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

Id I PARTII 
portion  of  the  auditory  representational  system  is  localized  in  the  
so-called  dominant  cerebral  hemisphere  while  the  visual  represen-
tational  system  is  localized  in  the  non-dominant  cerebral  hemi-
sphere.
10
  Each  of  the  representational  system  polarity  splits  
which  we  have  found  useful  in  our  work  is  consistent  with  the  
generalization that incongruities can be very effectively sorted into 
polarities  whose  representational  systems  are  located  in  different  
hemispheres. This helps us to understand the extraordinary power 
of  the  combined  representational  system—Satir  Category  sorting  
principle. 
We  have  presented  five  general  techniques  which  a  therapist  
may  use  to  help  the  client  to  sort  incongruent  paramessages  into  
polarities. The first three of these — spatial sorting, fantasy sort-
ing, and psychodramatic sorting — can easily be used in combina-
tion  with  the  last  two  —  representational  system  and  Satir  
Category sorting. For example, in using a spatial sorting technique, 
the  therapist  can  apply  the  representational  system  and  Satir  
Category  sorting  principles.  The  therapist  must  be  alert  to  watch  
and  to  listen,  making  sure  that  the  spatially  sorted  polarities  have  
distinct  representational  systems  and  distinct  Satir  Categories.  In  
addition, the first three techniques also can be used in conjunction 
with one another. For example, when we presented the example 
of  a  fantasy  sorting  technique,  we  mentioned  that  it  had  the  
advantage  of  presenting  the  client  with  visual  and  auditory  repre-
sentations  of  his  polarities  in  a  way  not  available  in  the  spatial  
sorting  technique.  However,  notice  that,  in  the  spatial  sorting  
technique  with  the  two  chairs,  when  the  client  moved  from  one  
chair to the other, the therapist routinely had the client fantasize 
his  other  polarity  visually  and  auditorily  in  the  other  chair,  
thereby  combining  the  advantages  of  the  two  techniques  in  a  
natural  way.  This  is,  in  fact,  a  standard  procedure  for  us  in  
teaching  people  in  our  Therapist  Training  Seminars.  For  us,  the  
most important piece of information with which we present you 
in this section is that the examples are intended as an initial guide 
for  your  behavior,  and  we  intend  them  only as  a  guide.  The  
principle  of  which  they  are  an  example  is  that  of  converting  a  
client's simultaneous incongruities into polarities, each congruent 
in  its  expression.  We  encourage  you  to  create  new,  exciting  and  
original  ways  of  helping  clients  with  this  second  step  —  changing  
their  incongruities  into  resources  in  their  continuing  growth  as  
alive human beings. 

Incongruity ll\ 
EXPRESSING POLARITIES 
We  turn  now  to  the  question  of  specific  ways  of  assisting  the  
client in fully expressing each of his polarities. As mentioned in 
the  example,  one  excellent  way  for  the  therapist  to  work  to  
accomplish this is for him to act as a movie or play director. In 
this way, he uses his ability to detect incongruities and to instruct 
the client in learning to express himself congruently. In doing this, 
the  therapist  demands  a  wholly  congruent  presentation  by  the  
client  of  each  of  the  polarities.  Often  the  therapist  will,  himself,  
demonstrate the congruency of presentation of the polarity which 
he wants the client to achieve, thus presenting himself as a model 
for  the  client.  We  have  discovered  a  number  of  other  ways  of  
doing this in addition to the movie/play-director technique. 
One  way  of  assisting  the  client  in  fully  expressing  each  of  his  
polarities is to use the Meta-model techniques detailed in Magic I. 
In  this  technique,  challenging  the  form  of  the  client's  language  
representation  to  require  that  the  client  fill  in  any  deletion  
(portions  of  the  sentences  which  have  been  left  out)  and  specify  
verbs  (give  descriptions  of  processes  which  allow  both  the  client  
himself  and  the  therapist  to  connect  the  language  representation  
with the experience), and then using the other Meta-model distinc-
tions allow the therapist a systematic way of completing each of 
the client's polarities. 
In  our  experience,  one  of  the  difficulties  in  aiding  clients  in  
fully expressing each set of paramessages as a congruent polarity is 
that  frequently  the  client  is  able  to  express  one  of  the  polarities  
fully (the more fully expressed polarity) but has great difficulty in 
fully  developing  the  other  polarity  (the  less  strongly  expressed  
polarity). Here we can offer a maneuver which, in each case in our 
experience,  has  been  effective  in  assisting  the  client  in  fully  
expressing  the  weaker  polarity.  We  call  this  playing  polarity.  We 
distinguish  two  versions  of  the  maneuver  of  playing  polarity.  The  
first  occurs  when  the  client  himself  is  deliberately  instructed  by  
the  therapist  to  continue  to  play  the  more  fully  expressed  polar-
ity;  in  fact,  to  play  this  polarity  in  as  exaggerated  a  form  as  the  
ingenuity  of  the  therapist  can  assist  the  client  in  creating.  This  
move  on  the  part  of  the  therapist  will  inevitably  have  as  its  
consequence  several  positive  results.  First,  the  therapist  is  fully  
accepting and utilizing the client's behavior — he literally tells the 
client  to  do  what  he  is,  in  fact,  already  doing.  Notice  that  this  
leaves the client in the position of having two choices: 
(a) Accept the therapist's directions to do in an exaggerated 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

121 PARTII 
form what he is already doing; 
(b) Resist the therapist's directions to do in an exaggerated 
form what he is already doing. 
If  the  client  takes  choice  (a),  he  is  accepting  the  therapist's  
directions  as  legitimate.  Here  the  issue  is  often  characterized  as  
control  —  a  topic  dealt  with  extensively  by  Haley  (see  Strategies  of  
Psychotherapy). Typically,  when  the  technique  of  playing  polarity  
is  first  presented  in  our  Therapist  Training  Seminars,  the  partici-
pants  are  concerned  with  what  at  first  appears  to  them  to  be  a  
manipulative  technique.  Rather  than  the  issue  being  one  of  
control, we understand this maneuver to be a full utilization of the 
limits  of  the  client's  model  of  the  world  in  a  way  which  results  in  
allowing  the  client  to  come  to  express  and  to  accept  parts  of  
himself  which  he  had  previously  suppressed.  To  claim  that  the  
issue is one of control is to accept a model of the world in which 
one  human  being  has  the  power  to  control  another  human  being  
through  manipulation.  We  discussed  this  extensively  in  Magic  I  as  a  
case  of  semantic  ill-formedness  (see,  especially,  Chapters  3  and  4).  
Here  we  wish  simply  to  point  out  that  characterizing  this  maneu-
ver  as  controlling  the  behavior  of  the  client  does  not  respect  the  
capacity  of  the  client  to  learn  to  respond  and  fails  to  give  him  
credit for his vast potential to integrate the many parts of himself. 
One  outcome  of  the  client's  accepting  the  therapist's  direction  to  
play  his  more  fully  expressed  polarity  in  an  exaggerated  form  is  
that  the  client  will  soon  flip  polarities.  In  other  words,  the  
outcome  for  a  client  who  is  playing  his  more  fully  expressed  
polarity  in  an  exaggerated  form  is  the  emergence  of  the  opposite  
polarity.
11
  This  general  tactic  of  playing  polarity  has  different  
names  in  different  forms  of  psychotherapy.  For  example,  in  
Gestalt  therapy,  this  is  called  making  the  rounds  (Gesta/t  Therapy  
Now, J. Fagen [ed.]). The therapist instructs the client in playing 
his  more  fully  developed  polarity  with  each  member  of  the  group  
until the client flips polarity. In the context of Brief therapy (see, 
for example, the cases listed in Change, Watzlawick, P.; Weakland, 
J.;  and  Fisch,  R.),  this  technique  is  often  assigned  to  the  client  in  
the  form  of  homework.  Milton  Erickson  frequently  uses  this  
technique as a first step in his work. For example, in working with 
a  client  who  is  obese  and  states  that  he  wants  to  lose  weight,  
Erickson,  typically,  will  instruct  the  client  to  gain  weight.  As  
Erickson points out, this maneuver presupposes that the client has 
control over his weight; thus his gaining weight is equivalent to his 
accepting  responsibility  in  an  area  of  his  behavior  he  had  previ-
ously considered outside of his control (see Advanced Techniques 

Incongruity / 73 
of Hypnosis and Therapy, J. Haley [ed.]). 
If  the  client  chooses  to  reject  the  therapist's  directions  [take  
option (b)], then the typical result is that the client will respond 
by  flipping  polarities.  Thus,  whether  the  client  chooses  (a)  or  (b),  
the  less  fully  expressed  polarity  will  emerge  and  the  process  of  
growth and change is well underway. 
The  second  variation  of  playing  polarity  is  for  the  therapist,  
himself, to play polarity. Again, the object of this move is to assist 
the client in fully expressing the weaker of two polarities as a step 
in  preparing  to  integrate  them.  Again,  the  same  polarity  principle  
applies. Since the therapist wishes to assist the client in developing 
the less fully  expressed  polarity,  the  therapist  plays  the  more fully 
expressed  polarity.  For  example,  the  therapist  adopts  the  body  
posture,  gestures,  tonality,  rate  of  speech,  characteristic  syntax,  
appropriate  representational  system  predicates,  etc.  —  all  of  the  
output systems present in the client's more fully expressed polar-
ity. The critical portion of this maneuver is that the therapist must 
be  more  congruent  and  forceful  in  presenting  the  client  with  his  
own  polarity  than  the  client  is  in  presenting  that  polarity.  In  our  
experience,  the  result  is  immediate  and  dramatic.  The  client  
responds  by  expressing  the  formerly  weaker  polarity.  The  thera-
pist  continues  to  play  the  first  polarity  in  an  exaggerated  form  
until  the  client  is  expressing  the  opposite  polarity  with  equal  
intensity. Rarely is the client aware (consciously) of this maneuver 
on the part of the therapist. Furthermore, even in a case in which 
the client is perfectly aware that the therapist is playing polarity, 
he will (prior to integration) respond with the opposite polarity if 
the therapist continues to express the client's stronger polarity. 
Now  we  consider  the  process  by  which  the  therapist  knows  
that  the  client  has  succeeded  in  sorting  his  polarities  in  a  way  
which will allow a significant integration. Since the entire purpose 
of  Phase  2  of  incongruity  work  is  to  change  simultaneous  incon-
gruities  into  sequential  incongruities,  the  therapist  uses  all  of  his  
input channels — he uses his body, touching the client, checking 
for  muscle  patterns;  his  eyes,  watching  carefully  all  of  the  para-
messages presented by the client's body postures and movements; 
his  ears,  listening  intently  to  the  tonality,  tempo,  and  represen-
tational  system  predicates  —  to  determine  that  the  client  is  
congruent in his communication as he expresses first one and then 
the other polarity. Again, there is, to our knowledge, no substitute 
for  a  therapist's  having  a  clear  set  of  eyes  and  ears  and  a  body  
which  he  uses  to  check  for  congruency  in  the  client.  In  our  
Therapist  Training  Seminars,  we  have  found  it  useful  to  instruct  
therapists in training to make two very specific checks. A client's 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

741 PAR Til 
incongruities  will  be  considered  to  be  adequately  sorted  for  the  
purposes  of  beginning  integration  when  all  of  the  following  
conditions are present: 
(1)  Each  of the polarities has a consistent representational 
system which is different from that of the other polarity; 
(2)  Each  of the  polarities has a consistent Satir Category 
which is different from that of the other polarity; 
(3)  The representational system and Satir Category of each 
polarity matches the correspondences listed: 
 
Representational SystemSatir Category
visual 
2
kinesthetic 
1 
auditory 
3 
When  all  of  these  conditions  are  satisfied,  the  therapist  then  
moves to the integration of the polarities — Phase 3 of incongruity 
work. 
INCONGRUITIES INTO PARTS (>2) 
We are aware of only one technique which has been developed 
by  any  therapeutic  wizards  to  sort  more  than  two  parts  from  the  
incongruencies presented by a client. This is Virginia Satir's Parts 
Party. We  both  use  this  in  our  work  and  find  it  an  excellent  and  
effective technique. 
In a Satir Parts Party, the psychodramatic technique is utilized 
fully. Using a projective technique (e.g., the names of a number of 
well-known  people,  fictional  or  real,  by  whom  the  client  feels  
particularly  attracted  or  repelled,  then  assigning  each  of  the  
famous  names  an  adjective  which  best  describes  them  to  the  
client),  the  therapist  assists  the  client  in  selecting  and  instructing  
group  members  to  play  each  of  the  parts  identified.  The  group  
members  then  interact  in  the  context  of  a  party  —  each  of  them  
behaving  one-dimensionally.  For  example,  if,  in  a  client's  party,  
some  group  member  has  accepted  the  responsibility  for  playing  a  
part characterized by the adjective angry, then that person (after 
the  client  has  instructed  him  in  the  specifics  of  how  he  expresses  
anger)  will  present  an  angry  message  with  every  output  channel,  
with every paramessage, in every contact with the other parts. The 
client is usually placed in a position in which he can see and hear 
all of the action of the parts. Typically, the client sees and hears 

Incongruity IIS 
acts  by  his  parts  which  previously  had  only  occurred  in  his  
fantasies as well as behavior which he has been aware of in coping 
with  others  in  his  public  experience.  Usually,  after  the  client  has  
identified  (owned)  all  of  his  parts,  some  crisis  occurs  in  the  
interaction of the parts, mobilizing them. In this crisis, some of 
the parts transform into other related abilities or resources and all 
of the parts learn to cooperate with each other. The final portion 
of  the  Parts  Party  consists  of  the  client's  accepting  each  of  his  
parts as a resource — the integration phase. 
In assisting the client in identifying with a projective technique 
the  parts  or  resources  which  he  has,  we  have  found  it  useful  to  
have  the  client  select  an  equal  number  of  male  and  female  well-
known  personages.  Often  we  ask  for  about  half  of  the  number  
with  which  we  want  to  work.  Once  this  has  happened  and  the  
client  has  assigned  adjectives  to  the  people  selected,  we  ask  the  
client to give us an adjective which is the polar opposite for each 
of  the  adjectives  already  chosen,  one  by  one  —  in  effect,  an  
adjective  which  describes  the  part  of  him  which  is  maximally  
incongruent  in  his  model  of  the  world  with  the  part  being  de-
scribed.  Using  this  approach,  we  identify  and  simultaneously  
balance  so-called  good and bad parts  with  respect  to  the  client's  
model  of  the  world.  This  corresponds  to  Phase  1  of  the  polarity  
work  we  have  described  so  far.  The  portion  of  the  Parts  Party  in  
which  the  client,  with  the  therapist's  help,  instructs  each  of  the  
people  selected  to  play  the  parts  is  most  closely  associated  with  
Phase  2  of  the  polarity  work  we  have  been  describing.  Here,  
typically,  we  ask  the  client  to  instruct  the  person  playing  some  
particular part, anger, for example, by being angry at this point in 
time.  Using  guided  fantasy  or  enactment  techniques  (see  Magic  I,  
Chapter 6 for a description) we assist the client in literally showing 
the person who will play the angry part the exact way in which to 
play  it.  As  the  client  shows  the  person  how  to  be  angry  by  being  
angry,  we  use  our  skills  in  detecting  incongruent  paramessages  to  
assist the client in being maximally congruent in his expression of 
anger.  Here  again  the  techniques  described  previously  in  assisting  
the client in becoming maximally congruent apply — for example, 
acting  as  a  movie  or  play  director,  checking  for  consistent  repre-
sentational  system  predicates,  etc.  Once  the  client  has  expressed  
his  anger  part  congruently,  we  ask  the  person  who  will  play  that  
part  to  copy  all  of  the  paramessages  —  the  body  posture,  the  
movements,  the  tonality.  Now  we  make  the  client  the  movie  or  
play  director.  His  task  is  to  mold  the  person  who  will  play  his  
anger part into the body posture, movements, tonality, etc., which 
most congruently represent, for him, his anger part. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

161 PARTII 
Once  all  of  the  first  set  of  adjectives  have  been  assigned  to  
people  and  the  people  have  been  instructed  by  the  client  specifi-
cally  how  to  play  these  parts,  we  ask  the  client  for  the  adjective  
which  is  the  polar  opposite  of  each  of  these,  as  mentioned  above.  
Again,  we  ask  the  client  to  assign  this  new  part  to  some  group  
member.  Here  we  have  found  it  useful,  as  the  client  begins  to  
instruct the people who will play each of the polar opposites, for 
the person who will play the original adjective to come forward 
and  begin  to  interact  with  the  client.  The  outcome  of  this  
(whether  the  client  is  aware  of  the  maneuver  or  not)  is  that  the  
client  quickly  becomes  maximally  congruent  in  the  expression  of  
the  polar  opposite,  thus  providing  an  excellent  model  for  the  
person  who  will  play  that  adjective.  Again,  the  therapist  may  
choose  to  play  the  polar  adjective  himself  rather  than  have  the  
person  assigned  the  adjective  come  forward  and  do  it.  Once  the  
party begins, the client, with the therapist's help, works to make 
the players maximally congruent in their presentations of the parts 
they have been assigned. 
The  same  principles  which  we  have  presented  previously  for  
polarity  work  apply  in  the  parts  party.  The  strategy  for  the  
therapist  is  to  assist  the  client  in  sorting  his  incongruencies  into  a  
number  of  parts.  Some  of  these  parts  have  the  polar  opposite  
relationship  and,  therefore,  the  therapist  makes  use  of  explicit  
ways  of  determining  whether  the  polarities  are  well  sorted  (e.g.,  
two  polar  opposites  do  not  share  representational  systems).  The  
overall  task  for  the  therapist  in  this  work  is  to  sort  the  client's  
conflicting  and  simultaneously  incongruently  expressed  models  of  
the world into parts, each of which is congruent. This prepares 
the stage for Phase 3, Integration, in which the client will be able 
to  use  these  incongruencies  as  resources  to  assist  him  in  coping  
with  the  world  and  in  his  continuing  growth.  By  this  process  the  
therapist  helps  the  client  to  transform  the  conflicting  parts  of  
himself  —  parts  which  previously  had  been  the  source  of  pain  and  
dissatisfaction,  parts  which  had  by  their  antagonism  to  each  other  
prevented  him  from  getting  the  things  he  wanted  for  himself  —  
into  resources  which  he  may  now  use  to  create  a  full,  rich,  
coordinated,  and  exciting  life  for  himself,  the  transformation  of  
pain into a basis for growth. 
PHASE 3 
INTEGRATING THE CLIENT'S INCONGRUITIES 
Once the therapist has assisted the client in sorting his incon- 

Incongruity / 77 
gruities into polarities, the integration phase (Phase 3) begins. Here 
the  overall  strategy  is  for  the  therapist  to  help  the  client  to  
coordinate  his  polarities  so  that  these  polarities  become  resources  
for  the  client  rather  than  the  basis  of  pain  and  dissatisfaction.  
Another  way  of  stating  this  overall  strategy  is  that  the  therapist  
works with the client to assist him in achieving meta-position with 
respect to his polarities (or parts, in the case in which more than 
two  of  the  client's  parts  are  being  worked  with).  A  person  has  
achieved  meta-position  with  respect  to  his  polarities  (parts)  when  
he  has  choices  in  his  behavior  (whether  consciously  or  not)  about  
whether  he  will  behave  in  a  way  which  is  characteristic  of  one  
polarity  (part)  or  the  other  in  a  smooth,  coordinated  fashion,  
when  neither  polarity  (part)  interrupts  the  other,  and  the  client  
expresses both polarities appropriately and congruently. We divide 
the  integration  phase  of  incongruency  work  into  two  portions  —  
contact and integration. 
CONTACT BETWEEN THE POLARITIES 
So  far,  in  the  incongruity  work  the  therapist  and  the  client  
have  worked  to  transform  a  set  of  simultaneously  presented  
incongruent  paramessages  into  a  series  of  sequentially  presented  
congruent  polarities  (parts).  These  polarities  are  now  sharply  
distinguished  —  they  have  distinct  Satir  categories  and  distinct  
representational  systems.  In  other  words,  the  client  has  changed  
from  a  confused,  self-interrupting,  tortured,  incongruent  human  
being into one who can express himself forcefully and congruently 
at  each  point  in  time.  Since  these  polarities,  each  congruent,  are  
organized  in  different  representational  systems,  they  have  no  
systematic way of making contact. The therapist has many choices 
about the way that he helps the client's polarities to make contact. 
We  will  now  describe  some  of  these  choices.  However,  we  first  
want to remind you that these are only a guide to assist you in 
your  work;  we  encourage  you  to  develop  other  methods  which  
you will find useful. The more choices you have as a therapist, the 
more  effective  and  creative  you  will  be  as  a  people-helper.  Sec-
ondly, these choices are not mutually exclusive; we encourage you 
to  find  combinations  of  these  choices  which  will  make  your  work  
more powerful. 
Choosing the Representational System for Contact 
At this point in therapy, the client's polarities do not have a 
representational system in common — they, quite literally, have no 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

78 /PARTIt 
way  of  making  contact.  Here  the  therapist's  fundamental  choices  
are  whether  to  work  to  give  one  of  the  polarities  the  represen-
tational system which the other has, to give each of the polarities 
the  other's  representational  system,  or  to  introduce  a  represen-
tational  system  new  to  both of  the  polarities  in  which  they  can  
make  contact.  Naturally,  the  therapist  may  choose  to  do  all  of  
these so that the outcome is that each of the polarities has all 
three representational systems, and thus they make contact in all 
of them. 
No  matter  which  of  the  options  the  therapist  takes  at  this  
point  in  therapy,  he  will  be  particularly  aware  of  his  use  and  the  
client's use of predicates. If, for example, the therapist has decided 
to  begin  the  contact  phase  by  assisting  a  visual  Satir  2  polarity  in  
developing an ability to represent his experience kinesthetically — 
to  get  in  touch  with  his  feelings  —  he  will  deliberately  shift  the  
predicates which he is using from ones such as see, watch, clear, — 
which presuppose a visual representational system — to ones such 
as feel,  touch,  sensitive,  which  presuppose  a  kinesthetic  represen-
tational  system.  Furthermore,  the  therapist  will  listen  carefully  to  
the client's responses to him to determine whether the client shifts 
to  the  matching  predicates.  We  present  now  two  examples  of  a  
therapist  making  a  choice  about  representational  systems  and  
beginning the process of putting the polarities into contact. 
EXAMPLE 1 
The  therapist  has  sorted  the  client's  incongruencies  into  two  
polarities, using the Perls-type, empty-chair technique. One of the 
client's  polarities  is  a  blaming,  visual  polarity  and  the  other  a  
placating, kinesthetic one. The client, a woman named Beatrice, is 
in  the  visual,  blaming  polarity  chair,  congruently  expressing  her  
anger. 
Therapist: ... Yes, and tell her exactly what you see as you 
look over there at her, sitting there crying. 
Beatrice: Yeah,  I  know  ...  I  watch  you  ...  you  always  sit  
around crying and feeling sorry for yourself. Your eyes are 
so  filled  with  tears  that  you  can't  even  see  what  you're  
doing. 
Therapist: Now, Beatrice, switch to the other chair! 
Beatrice: (Moving  over  to  the  other  chair,  her  body  posture,  
gestures, tonality shifting to a set of paramessages which 
are congruently placating) oh ... (crying quietly) . . . oh, I 

Incongruity / 79 
feel so bad ... my stomach hurts and I just want to be left 
alone (continuing to cry). 
Therapist: (Noting  that  Beatrice  is  expressing  each  of  her  
polarities  congruently  and  that  they  are  sorted  so  that  
there  is  no  overlap  between  representational  systems  and  
Satir  categories,  the  therapist  decides  to  use  the  represen-
tational system which neither of the polarities has to assist 
them  in  making  contact  —  the  auditory  system.)  Beatrice,  
did  you  hear  what  she  (therapist  indicating  the  visual,  
blaming polarity chair, now empty) said to you? 
Beatrice: What?  ..  .  what  she  said,  (looking  at  the  other  chair)  
Yes, I think so.... 
Therapist: Tell me, what did she say? 
Beatrice:... oh ... I'm not sure; I guess I didn't hear her. 
Therapist: OK, now, Beatrice, ask her what she said to you. 
Call her by name. 
Beatrice: Beatrice, what did you say to me? 
Therapist: Move! (Beatrice moves to the other chair, again her 
body  and  other  output  channels  shifting  to  the  blaming  
polarity.) Now, Beatrice, respond! 
Beatrice: Respond? . . . respond to what? 
Therapist: Did you hear what she said to you? 
Beatrice:... Well, no, but she always . .. 
Therapist: (Interrupting Beatrice) Ask her what she said! 
Beatrice: Well,  what  did  .  .  .  (interrupting  herself)  oh,  I  
remember. 
Therapist: What? 
Beatrice: She asked me what I had said to her. 
Therapist: Now, respond to her. 
Beatrice: All you ever do is sit around and cry and feel sorry 
for yourself. 
Therapist: Beatrice,  switch  chairs  (Beatrice  moves).  Now  did  
you hear what she said? 
Beatrice: Yes,  she  said  that  all  I  ever  do  is  sit  around  feeling  
sorry for myself. 
Therapist: Yes; now respond. 
The  therapist  continues  to  work  with  Beatrice,  checking  to  
insure each time that she moves that she accurately heard what the 
other polarity has said before attempting to respond. In this way, 
the  two  polarities  begin  to  make  contact  with  one  another,  to  
make  their  needs  known,  and  to  learn  to  communicate  and  
cooperate  with  one  another  so  they  are  truly  resources  for  
Beatrice rather than a source of pain and dissatisfaction. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

mi PART n 
EXAMPLE 2 
Mark, a young man in his mid-twenties, a member of one of 
our Therapist Training Groups, has worked with one of the thera-
pists to sort his incongruencies into a placating, kinesthetic polar-
ity  and  a  blaming,  visual  polarity.  The  therapist  has  decided  to  
work to give each of the polarities the representational system that 
the other has in order to allow them to make contact. 
Mark: (In the kinesthetic, placating position) I just want to 
feel good, I just want to relax. . . . Therapist: Mark, take a 
deep breath, sit back and loosen the 
muscles in your chest and neck, and as you do this, look 
carefully across in front of you and see what you see 
sitting in the chair opposite you. (Mark adjusts his body 
and looks up.) Yes, and what do you see? Mark: . . . Well, 
it's hard for me to see. I ... oh, OK, yes, I see 
a guy standing there pointing his finger at me and he's 
yelling at me... . Therapist:  Yes, and  how does his 
face look to you as you 
watch him doing this? Mark: He looks angry ... ah ... 
tight . . . you know ... he 
looks like he's really unhappy about something. Therapist: 
Now, Mark, switch. Mark:   (Moving to visual,  blaming 
chair,  shifting his body 
appropriately) He (pointing to the first chair) really pisses 
me off ... he never... Therapist: (Interrupting Mark) 
Mark, as you sit there, looking 
at him, how do you feel, in your body? Mark: . . . What? . . 
. feel, in my body? Therapist: Yes Mark, what are you aware 
of at this point in 
time, in your body? Mark: . . . Well, I really don't know. 
... I'm not sure what I 
feel . .. Therapist:  Yes; now allow your eyes to close 
and become 
aware of your body. (Mark responds) Now, Mark, tell me 
what you are aware of in your body. Mark: Wow! I'm so 
tight in my shoulders ... my stomach feels 
twisted up ... my eyes feel  hot (and he begins to cry 
slowly). 
The  therapist  continues  to  work  with  Mark,  systematically  
switching  predicates  and  checking  to  make  sure  that  Mark  also  
shifts predicates, so that Mark now has the ability to see and to 

Incongruity / 81 
feel in both positions. In this way, Mark's polarities begin to make 
contact,  an  essential  step  en  route  to  Mark's  achieving  meta-
position with respect to his polarities. 
Fully Expressed Polarities During Contact 
Once the therapist has established a representational system in 
which  the  client's  polarities  can  make  contact,  he  will  work  to  
insure  that  each  polarity  expresses  itself  fully  to  the  other.  The  
most  comprehensive  way  to  assist  each  of  the  client's  polarities  to  
express  itself  fully  verbally  is  the  Meta-model  techniques  —  the  
subject of Magic I. In other words, the therapist checks the client's 
verbal  expressions  for  the  well-formed-in-therapy  conditions  —  all  
of  the  statements  made  by  each  polarity  must  contain  no  dele-
tions,  no  nominalizations,  no  unspecified  verbs;  all  nouns  must  
have  referential  indices,  etc.  There  are  two  special  adjustments  to  
standard Meta-model challenges which we have found useful in the 
context of polarity work. 
First,  in  standard  Meta-model  challenges,  when  a  polarity  has  
made a statement which includes a modal operator of necessity or 
possibility  (see  Magic  I,  Chapters  3  and  4)  as  the  following  
sentences do: 
Client: I can't accept help. 
Client: It's impossible for me to ask for things for myself. 
the therapist may challenge by asking: 
Therapist: What stops you from accepting help? 
Therapist: What stops you from asking for things for yourself? 
In  the  context  of  polarity  work,  we  suggest  that  you  adjust  
these challenges to: 
How does he (indicating the other polarity) stop you from 
accepting help? How does he (indicating the other 
polarity) stop you from 
asking for things for yourself? 
Here,  the  therapist's  challenge/question  presupposes  that  the  
opposite polarity is the thing/person which stops the polarity from 
getting  what  it  wants.  This  assists  the  client  in  focusing  on  the  
process  by  which  the  two  polarities  interrupt  and  defeat  each  
other, thus serving as the basis for the client's incongruities, pain 
and dissatisfaction. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

82 / PART II 
The  second  adjustment  to  standard  Meta-model  challenge/  
questioning  in  polarity  work  is  to  incorporate  the  appropriate  
representational system predicates into the Meta-model challenges. 
For example, using the same sentences as above: 
Client: I can't accept help. 
Client: It's impossible for me to ask for things for myself. 
the therapist, when working with a visual polarity, may respond 
by challenging with: 
Therapist: What do you see stopping you from accepting help? 
Therapist: What do you see stopping you from asking for 
things for yourself? 
By  adjusting  the  Meta-model  challenge/questions  to  include  the  
predicates  which  match  the  representational  system  predicates  
that  the  client's  polarity  uses,  the  therapist  assists  the  polarity  in  
understanding and responding fully.
12
Naturally,  the  therapist  may  use  these  two  adjustments  
together  —  that  is,  each  presupposes  that  the  other  polarity  is  the  
thing/person which is stopping the first polarity from getting what 
it  wants  —  and  incorporate  the  appropriate  representational  
system  predicates  into  the  Meta-model  challenges.  For  example,  
using the same client's statements as before: 
Client: I can't accept help. 
Client: It's impossible for me to ask for things for myself. 
the therapist may choose to respond with: 
Therapist: How do you see him stopping you from accepting 
help? Therapist: How do you see him stopping you from 
asking for 
things for yourself? 
In  addition  to  Meta-model  challenges/questioning,  we  have  
developed  a  set  of  polarity  questions  which  we  have  found  very  
useful in assisting polarities in making contact. This set of polarity 
questions is designed to make sure that each polarity expresses its 
own  needs  directly  in  a  form  specific  enough  that  both  the  
therapist  and  the  other  polarity  come  to  understand  what  that  
polarity really wants. 

Incongruity / 83 
Polarity Questions 
What,  specifically,  do  you  want  for  yourself?  (you  see-hear-
feel) 
How,  specifically,  does  he  (indicating  the  other  polarity)  stop  
you from getting what you want for yourself? 
Is  there  any  way  that  you  hear-see-feel  that  he  (the  other  
polarity) can be of any use to you? 
What would happen if he (the other polarity) were to go away 
completely? How would this be of use to you? 
Do you see-hear-feel what he (the other polarity) wants? 
What would happen if you allowed him (the other polarity) to 
have what he wants? 
Do  you  see-feel-hear  that  there  is  any  way  that  you  both  (i.e.,  
both polarities) could get what you want? 
By asking each polarity this special set of polarity questions, in 
combination  with  the  standard  Meta-model  challenges,  the  thera-
pist insures full expression of each polarity. As a polarity responds 
to  each  of  these  questions,  the  response  will  be  a  set  of  para-
messages  which  the  therapist  then  checks  for  congruity.  Further-
more, the therapist checks the verbal paramessages against the well-
formed-in-therapy conditions. 
If  the  therapist  has  decided  to  use  the  auditory  representa-
tional  system  as  the  one  in  which  the  two  polarities  will  make  
contact,  then  we  suggest  that,  rather  than  ask  the  Meta-model  
questions  and  Polarity  questions  of  the  polarity,  the  therapist  
instruct the one polarity to tell the other polarity what is missing, 
what he wants. 
For example, in place of the following exchanges: 
(1) Client: I want things for myself. 
Therapist: What things, specifically? 
(2) Client: I can't accept help. 
Therapist:  How do you see-feel-hear that he (the other 
polarity) stops you from accepting help? 
(3) Client: It's impossible for me to ask for things for myself. 
Therapist: How do you see-hear-feel he (the other polar 
ity) stops you from asking for things for yourself? 
the therapist directs the polarity to talk, not to the therapist, but 
directly to the other polarity as in the following: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

84 I PARTII 
(1) Client: I want something for myself. 
Therapist:   Tell   him   what,   specifically,   you   want  for 
yourself. 
(2) Client: I can't accept help. 
Therapist:  Tell  him   how, specifically, you see-hear-feel 
that he stops you from accepting help. 
(3) Client: It's impossible for me to ask for things for myself. 
Therapist: Tell him how you hear-see-feel that he, specifi 
cally, stops you from asking for things for yourself. 
In  example  (1)  above,  the  therapist  is  developing  the  client's  
auditory  representational  system  for  the  purpose  of  making  
contact. It is appropriate in cases such as this to direct the client 
to  answer  these  polarity  questions  by  instructing  him  to  tell  the  
other polarity the answer. Again, as in example 1, the therapist 
will  check  to  make  sure  that  the  polarity  which  is  to  respond  has  
actually heard the question or statement before responding. 
Most commonly, in our experience, the systematic application 
of  these  contact  techniques  —  the  choice  of  representational  
system(s),  Meta-model  challenges/questions  (adjusted  for  polarity  
work),  and  the  polarity  questions  —  results  in  the  polarities'  fully  
expressing  themselves  and  making  an  agreement  or  contract.  In  
our  Therapist  Training  Seminars,  we  have  developed  a  set  of  
techniques  which  are  useful  in  making  sure  that  the  agreement  or  
contact between polarities is solid enough to lead to full integra-
tion of those previously conflicting parts. 
Checking for a Solid Contact 
Once  a  client's  polarities  have  each  fully  expressed  itself  and  
they  have  made  contact,  the  therapist's  task  is  to  assist  the  
polarities  in  reaching  an  agreement  which  will  allow  them  to  work  
smoothly  with  each  other,  thereby  becoming  resources  for  the  
client.  Very  often,  the  polarities  once  put  in  touch  with  one  
another, will reach a solid contact which will serve as the basis for 
their  coordinated  action.  When  this  doesn't  occur  spontaneously,  
the therapist may intervene by: 
(1)  Determining, specifically, where the two polarities come 
into conflict; 
(2)  Having them each decide how they can best make use of 
each other's skills in these areas of behavior in which they 
had previously been in conflict; 

Incongruity / 85 
(3) Setting up cues by which each of the polarities can signal 
the other for assistance under these stress situations. 
The  systematic  use,  by  the  therapist  himself,  of  the  contact  
techniques previously presented will allow him rapidly to find out 
in what areas of behavior the polarities conflict and also how they 
can  best  come  to  coordinate  their  efforts.  Here,  since  each  of  the  
polarities  has  some  skills  which  the  other  does  not  have  (for  
example,  when  the  polarities  are  sorted  visual/kinesthetic,  one  
polarity can be given the task of paying attention to what can be 
seen  in  the  stress  situation  and  the  other  polarity  what  can  be  
felt),  it  is  largely  a  matter  of  assigning  each  of  the  polarities  tasks  
consistent with their special skills. 
The third step in checking for a solid contact —that of establish-
ing cues — signals between the polarities — requires more comment. 
When  under  stress,  one  of  the  polarities  begins  to  behave  in  a  way  
which will bring the two polarities into conflict: it is very useful 
that the polarities have signals by which one can inform the other 
that  this  is  happening.  Such  signals  allow  the  polarities  to  co-
ordinate  their  skills  in  a  non-conflicting  way.  For  example,  a  
therapist working with a visual-blaming/kinesthetic-placating polar-
ity sort has the following as a choice in establishing cue;: 
Therapist: (Talking  to  Margot's  kinesthetic  polarity)  And  what  
are you aware of at this point in time, Margot? 
Margot: Wow; I'm so excited. I understand now how we (the 
two  polarities)  can  work  together.  When  I  start  to  feel  
tight  and  I  don't  understand  what's  happening,  she  (the  
other  polarity)  can  help  me  out  by  looking  around  and  
seeing  exactly  what  is  going  on,  so  I  don't  become  
paralyzed. 
Therapist: Yes;  now,  switch  over,  Margot.  (Margot  moves  to  
the other chair.) Now, Margot, what are you aware of? 
Margot: I'm really clear about how this will work; I can really 
see how useful she (the other polarity) can be to me. I hate 
being  numb  —  having  no  feeling  —  so  when  I  see  that  
starting to happen, she can help me not to become numb. 
Therapist: (Beginning to set up cue signals) OK; now, the only 
thing I don't understand yet is how, specifically, you can 
let her know you need her help? 
Margot: ... What? I don't understand. 
Therapist: When  you  notice  that  you  are  beginning  to  feel  
numb, how will you let her know you need her help? 
Margot: Well, I'm not sure ... 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

se i PART n 
Therapist:  Margot,  what's the very  first thing that you're 
aware of when you start to go numb? Margot: (her 
breathing reverses) I ... I stop breathing . .. , 
sort of ... like right now — I 'm beginning to go numb. 
Therapist: All right — now, how about using that very thing as 
a signal to your other part to help you not to go numb. 
Margot: Yes, I think I understand; when I start to reverse my 
breathing, I'll take a really deep breath and ask my other 
part for help. .. . 
ACHIEVING META-POSITION 
The last and most important area of working with incongruity 
is  that  of  assisting  the  client  in  achieving  meta-position  with  
respect to his polarities. This means that, as a therapist, in order to 
make your work thorough and lasting, you will be required to do a 
little more than just put polarities into contact with one another. 
In  order  for  the  client  to  recode  his  polarities  and  sorted  para-
messages  in  such  a  way  as  to  allow  permanent  change  and  there-
fore, true meta-position, sustained contact and integration may be 
required, although not always. 
Once  the  polarities  have  a  well-formed  sort,  maximal  separa-
tion, and then contact in the same representational system, you, as 
a  therapist,  are  prepared  for  integration.  To  achieve  integration  
and,  therefore,  meta-position,  your  client's  two  or  more  sets  of  
representations  which  have  been  put  into  contact  in  the  same  
representational  system  must  now  be  given  the  impetus  to  re-
organize  themselves  into  a  new,  single  representation  which  will  
include all of the paramessages of both and will be itself greater 
than  the  sum  of  the  two.  For  example:  If  a  client  has  two  
polarities (A and B), where A implied not B and B implied not A, 
they  are  a  mutually  exclusive  representation  for  the  same  terri-
tory. Meta-position would not be a representation of A plus B but 
rather  a  set  of  plus  or  minus  (AB)  equaling  some  representation  
(X) that had all the potentials of A and B as well as Not A and Not 
B and the rich choices that result from many combinations within 
and between the polarities. 
Consider the following example of Dennis, who presented the 
therapist  with  a  highly  incongruent  communication  about  his  
interaction with others in the world, simply stating that he wishes 
others  to  like  him.  The  polarities  which  were  sorted  out  of  this  
communication  were  a  kinesthetic-placating  part  which  felt  he  
must do what others expected of him or he wasn't a good person 
and no one would like him, along with a visual blaming part which 
saw other people pushing him around, being cruel to him and 

Incongruity / 87 
undeserving  of  his  kindness.  These  two  representations  were  
conflicting  maps  for  the  same  territory  and  the  result  was  a  
deadlock  in  his  behavior,  kind  words  with  a  grating  tonality.  His  
polarities  were  put  into  contact  in  his  visual  representational  
system  (fantasy,  mind's  eyes)  by  having  him  create  two  images  of  
himself, standing side by side, one the part which Dennis felt must 
placate others, the other the part of Dennis which saw how people 
abused him. He was told to watch these two argue and report on 
their interaction, both visually as well as auditorily. The result was 
that  Dennis  was  simultaneously  representing  both  his  polarities,  
visual and auditory, from the perspective of an observer. 
Representation of Kino placater 
^--^ 
Dennis sees 
—--^ 
Representation of Visual Blamer 
Although  simultaneous  representation  had  been  achieved  in  the  
same  representational  system,  along  with  contact,  meta-position  
had not yet been fully achieved. Dennis was asked to comment on 
the  assets  of  both  polarities  and  then  asked  if  he  would  try  
something which might be new to him. His response was affirma-
tive. He was then told: 
Dennis,  now,  as  you  continue  to  sit  there  with  your  eyes  
closed,  I  would  like  you  to  gently  reach  up  with  both  hands,  
grasping these two images, one in each hand. That's right (Dennis 
reaches  up).  Now,  slowly  push  these  two  together,  together  into  
one  image,  watching  closely,  seeing  how  both  change  into  one.  
(Dennis  pushes  them  together  slowly,  gasping  as  his  hands  
approach each other.) Now, what do you see? 
Dennis: It's me, but different. 
Therapist: How? 
Dennis: I look strong, but not mean. 
Therapist: Anything else? 
Dennis: Yes; he can be gentle and care about people and ... 
yes, he's not weak and mushy either. Therapist: You see 
a picture of yourself having all of those 
qualities at the same time? Dennis: Yes (sighing). Therapist: 
Do you like what you see? Dennis: Yes. Therapist: Would you 
like to make that a part of yourself, and 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

88 / PART II 
have those abilities as your resources? 
Dennis: Sure. 
Therapist: Good. Then, continuing to hold this image of your-
self  gently  and  watching  it  carefully,  slowly  pull  the  image  
into  yourself.  That's  right.  (Dennis  pulls  his  hands  slowly  
toward his body.) Now, let this come inside, become a part 
of you, a resource all the way inside of you. (Dennis places 
his hands against his body, breathing deeply. As he does, 
his face flushes with color and he sighs loudly.) 
Therapist: How do you feel as this becomes a part of you? 
Dennis: All tingly in my chest. 
Therapist: Let it spread all through your body as this becomes 
truly a part of you. 
Through  this  process,  Dennis  achieves  meta-position,  recoding  
his  polarities  visually  into  a  single  representation.  The  therapist  
tested  his  work  by  playing  Dennis'  polarities  but  Dennis  was  no  
longer incongruent in this way; he only laughed where before he flew 
into anger. His softened facial muscles and laughter were sure signs 
of achieving meta-position and integration of this set of polarities. 
Recoding  of  polarities  can  be  accomplished  in  any  represen-
tational  system  by  representing  the  polarities  simultaneously  and  
then  arranging  for  a  single  representation.  Even  in  the  case  of  the  
Parts  Party  described  earlier,  the  paramessages  which  are  repre-
sented  by  different  people  are,  at  the  end  of  the  Parts  Party,  
unified into a single group. Then a short ritual is performed which 
results  in  simultaneous  repression  kinesthetically  by  having  the  
client stand in the middle of a circle of the people who are playing 
his parts and each part lays a hand on the client, stating the ability 
he represents, until the client has hands from each part touching 
him simultaneously and has stated his acceptance congruently. 
So,  the  resulting  strategy  for  integration  of  polarities  is  first,  
contact  in  the  same  representational  system  and  then,  secondly,  
recoding  into  a  single  representation.  Thus  meta-position  and  
integration are achieved. 
META-TACTICS FOR INCONGRUITY 
When  a  human  being  is  incongruent  in  his  behavior,  he  is  
signaling that he has more than one model of his world. This is an 
important  piece  of  information  for  the  therapist.  The  immediate  
acceptance and use of the client's incongruity as a basis for growth 
and  change  in  the  ways  desired  by  the  client  are  powerful  thera-
peutic  tools.  Since  incongruent  paramessages  are  signals  of  the  
presence in the client of conflicting models of the world, the 

Incongruity J 89 
overall task of the therapist is to assist the client in creating a new 
model of the world in which the two formerly conflicting models 
will operate in a coordinated, smooth way, allowing the client all 
of  the  choices  available  in  both  of  the  previous  models.  In  other  
words,  the  therapist  works  to  assist  the  client  in  achieving  meta-
position — that is, in creating a map of the world for his behavior 
which  includes  both  of  the  models  previously  in  conflict.  In  this  
way, the client comes to have the choice he desires in that area of 
his behavior. 
The  process  of  assisting  the  client  in  achieving  meta-position  
can  be  broken  down  into  three  phases  to  assist  you  in  organizing  
your experience: 
(1)  Identifying incongruity (conflicting paramessages); 
(2)  Sorting the paramessages; 
(3)  Integration of the sorted paramessages. 
Another way of representing the process of a therapist's assist-
ing the client in achieving meta-position is in terms of the changes 
in  the  client's  communication  behavior  over  time.  Again,  we  have  
found  it  useful  in  our  Therapist  Training  Seminars  to  distinguish  
three phases of this process: 
( 1 ) T h e   client's  communication  is  incongruent  —  he  is  
attempting  to  present  paramessages  from  more  than  one  
non-compatible model of the world simultaneously; 
(2)  The client's communication is congruent at each point in 
time and incongruent over time — here he attempts to 
present paramessages from more than one non-compatible 
model of the world sequentially; 
(3)  The  client's  communication   is congruent both simulta 
neously and sequentially.  He has achieved meta-position, 
and has a unified, coordinated map for his behavior. 
The  process  of  achieving  meta-position  is,  then,  the  overall  
strategy  for  working  with  clients'  incongruities,  thereby  trans-
forming  the  source  of  their  pain  and  paralysis  into  a  resource  for  
growth,  energy  and  vitality.  Accepting  this  breakdown  of  the  
process  of  achieving  meta-position  into  the  three  phases,  we  will  
present the Meta-Tactics for working with incongruity by phase. 
META-TACTICS FOR PHASE 1 
In Phase 1, the therapist's task is to identify incongruity in the 
client's communication. The Meta-Tactics for Phase 1, then, are: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

901 PART II 
Meta-Tactic 1 for Phase 1 (Incongruity): 
Compare Paramessages 
Here  the  therapist  makes  use  of  all  of  his  input  channels,  
distinguishing  what  he  sees,  from  what  he  hears,  from  what  he  
feels.  By  first  distinguishing  the  information  reaching  him  through  
each  of  his  input  channels,  the  therapist  accomplishes  several  
things.  He  is  able  to  avoid  becoming  incongruent  in  his  own  
communication  in  response  to  the  client's  incongruity.  He  avoids  
becoming  depressed,  burdened,  weighed  down  (common  results  of  
see-feeling  and  hear-feeling  incongruent  communication),  leaving  
him  free  to  act  creatively.  Furthermore,  by  making  these  distinc-
tions, he has the basis for comparing the paramessages the client is 
presenting to check for incongruity in the communication. 
Meta-Tactic 2 for Phase 1 (Incongruity): 
But 
Often the client will make statements to the therapist in which 
he claims to want something for himself. Statements which have 
the general form: 
(have" 
would like to \ 
do    ) 
The  therapist  may  accelerate  the  process  of  identifying  the  
incongruencies in the  lient  when  he  hears  statements  of  this  c
form by leaning forward and saying: 
...but... 
The client will continue the statement he originally started, filling 
in  the  second  half  of  the  sentence  (the  part  which  follows  the  
word but). The  verbal  material  he  provides  can  be  used  by  the  
therapist  in  ways  which  we  presented  in  detail  in  Magic  I.  The 
important  piece  in  this  context  is  that,  as  he  completes  the  
sentence,  the  client's  paramessages  will  shift  radically  compared  
with  the  paramessages  which  he  presented  in  the  first  part  of  the  
sentence,  thus  providing  the  therapist  with  a  set  of  conflicting  
paramessages from which change can begin. 



921 PAR Til 
expressed,  congruent  parts  or  polarities.  In  other  words,  the  
simultaneously expressed conflicting models which he identified in 
the client's communication must be converted into two (or n, in 
the  case  of  parts)  fully  represented  parts  expressed  congruently  
simultaneously and incongruent sequentially. 
Meta-Tactic 1 for Phase 2 (Incongruity): 
Movie/Play Director 
Here the therapist uses all of his input channels to represent 
the paramessages the client is presenting — he works as a movie or 
play  director  to  get  the  most  convincing  "performance"  from  the  
client: the performance in which all of the client's output channels 
are expressing the same or consistent paramessages. 
Meta-Tactic 2 for Phase 2 (Incongruity): 
Spatial Sorting 
Having identified the polarities which are the expression of the 
client's inconsistent models of the world, the therapist locates one 
of  the  polarities  in  one  chair  and  the  other  in  another  chair.  This  
assists both the client and the therapist in separating the behavior 
appropriate for the differing parts of the client. 
Meta-Tactic 3 for Phase 2 (Incongruity): 
Fantasy Sorting 
Typically,  the  therapist  makes  use  of  the  technique  of  Guided  
Fantasy  (see  Magic  I,  Chapter  6)  to  assist  the  client  in  fully  
expressing  his  polarities.  By  having  the  client  describe  the  fanta-
sized  visual  representation  of  each  of  his  polarities  in  turn,  the  
therapist  has  the  opportunity  to  check  the  described  character-
istics  of  the  image  as  well  as  the  paramessages  which  the  client  is  
presenting as he describes his fantasy. 
Meta-Tactic 4 for Phase 2 (Incongruity): 
Psychodramatic Sorting 
After  the  therapist  has  identified  the  polarities  with  which  he  
intends  to  work,  he  selects  two  members  of  the  group  to  play  
these polarities; that is, each of these group members adopts all of 
the  paramessages  which  are  congruent  for  the  polarity  which  he  is  
representing.  Usually,  the  therapist  will  have  the  client  act  as  the  
movie/play  director,  instructing  each  of  the  group  members  on  
how to play his part most convincingly (congruently). 

Incongruity / 93 
Meta-Tactic 5 for Phase 2 (Incongruity): 
Representational System Sorting 
The  therapist  listens  for  predicates  which  identify  different  
representational  systems  as  the  client  sequentially  expresses  each  
of  the  polarities.  By  systematically  changing  his  own  predicates  as  
the  client  expresses  each  of  his  polarities,  the  therapist  can  accel-
erate  the  separation  of  the  polarities  into  distinct  representational  
systems  —  one  of  the  conditions  for  a  well-formed  sort  prior  to  
beginning the integration phase. 
Meta-Tactic 6 for Phase 2 (Incongruity): 
Satir Category Sorting 
The therapist checks to insure that the Satir category of each 
of  the  client's  polarities  is  distinct.  Non-overlapping  of  the  Satir  
categories  is  another  of  the  characteristics  of  a  well-formed  sort  
prior to integration. 
Again,  in  presenting  these  Meta-Tactics  for  Phase  2,  we  have  
not  attempted  to  list  all  of  the  techniques  which  we  have  found  
useful  and  effective  in  assisting  our  clients  to  break  impasses  in  
their  behavior.  We  encourage  you  to  develop  ones  in  addition  to  
those we have presented. 
There is one other way of using the Meta-Tactic principles for 
this phase which has been of great value to us in our work. If you 
consider  the  outcome  of  each  of  the  first  four  Meta-Tactics  for  
this  phase,  they  sort  the  client  into  two  separate,  congruent  
polarities. The final two Meta-Tactics can be considered conditions 
on  the  two  polarities  sorted  by  the  first  four  Tactics  and  must  be  
considered  in  relation  to  each  other  (e.g.,  blaming  and  visual,  and  
not  blaming  and  kinesthetic).  Together,  these  identify  the  two  
conditions which are sufficient to allow the client to achieve meta-
position  through  integration.  Specifically,  the  therapist  knows  
that Phase 2 is complete whenever these two conditions are present 
in  the  client's  communication  —  that  is,  when  each  of  the  client's  
polarities are: 
(1)  Congruently  expressed  sequentially;  
(2)  The representational system/Satir category sort meets the 
well-formedness conditions: 
Representational System Satir Category 
visual blaming 2 
kinesthetic placating   1 
auditory super-reasonable  3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

94/ PART II 
META-TACTICS FOR PHASE 3 
In Phase 3 the therapist works to assist the client in converting 
sequentially  incongruent  polarities  into  a  single,  unified  model  
which allows the client all of the choices he desires in that area of 
his  behavior.  It  is  in  this  phase  that  the  client  achieves  meta-
position for himself. 
Meta-Tactic 1 for Phase 3 (Incongruity): 
Contact 
Here  the  therapist  works  to  bring  the  two  fully  expressed,  
congruent  and  well-sorted  polarities  into  contact  with  one  an-
other.  First,  since  one  of  the  conditions  for  a  well-formed  sort  in  
Phase  2  was  that  the  polarities  have  distinct  representational  
systems,  the  therapist  will  select  a  representational  system(s)  in  
which the client can have his polarities make contact. 
Secondly,  for  the  client's  polarities  to  make  contact,  they  
must  be  represented  simultaneously.  Here  the  choice  of  sorting  
which  the  therapist  made  in  Phase  2  will  have  an  effect.  If  he  had  
selected  a  psychodramatic  sort,  then  the  contact  can  take  place  in  
either the auditory or visual representational systems, for example. 
If  he  had  chosen  not  to  use  other  people  (a  spatial  sort,  for  
example),  the  auditory  representational  system,  since  it  is  sequen-
tial,  would  not  be  a  good  choice,  while  the  visual  (fantasized,  
internal  visual  images)  would.  This  second  condition  —  simulta-
neity — is relative to the unit of measurement of time involved. No 
doubt,  at  some  future  date  neurological  research  will  become  
available  to  specify  what  the  optimum  time  is  in  terms  of  refrac-
tory periods. In Perls' polarity work, he sometimes assisted a client 
in  integrating  by  having  him  move  rapidly  from  chair  to  chair  —  
that  is,  rapidly  alternating  polarities.  The  limiting  case  of  this  
technique is, of course, a simultaneous representation. 
Meta-Tactic 2 for Phase 3 (Incongruity): Re-
coding 
Once  the  client's  polarities  have  made  contact  by  a  simulta-
neous,  same  representational  system(s)  typical  of  his  polarities,  the  
therapist  works  to  assist  him  in  re-coding  the  two  distinct  repre-
sentations  into  one.  Here,  the  special  set  of  polarity  questions,  
integration  of  fantasized  visual  representations,  are  useful.  The  
specific  ways  of  re-coding  which  the  therapist  may  have  the  client  
employ are as varied as his ability to be creative will produce. The 
formal characteristic which they share is the creation by the client 
through this experience of a single, unified map for his behavior, 

Incongruity / 95 
allowing him the choices he desires from each of the formerly 
conflicting polarities. 
We hope that the partial list of Meta-Tactics to be employed in 
transforming  the  client's  incongruities  from  a  source  of  pain,  
dissatisfaction  and  paralysis  into  the  basis  of  growth,  energy  and  
change will encourage each of you, as you work in your capacity 
as  a  people-helper,  to  develop  additional  satisfying  Meta-Tactics  
which  are  congruent  with  your  own  special  styles,  skills  and  
resources. 
FOOTNOTES FOR PART II 
1.   Perhaps you can identify this pattern from childhood experiences in 
which the frustrated parent screams at the child to lower his voice      the 
message here is: 
Do what I say, not what I do! 
2.   The number of output channels and, therefore, messages carried by 
output channels will vary from client to client. Theoretically, the number of 
muscle groups which can be independently controlled by the client will 
determine the number of messages which it is possible for that person to 
communicate simultaneously. In our experience, it is not necessary for the 
therapist to attempt to check each of these; rather, we have developed 
specific ways of checking for match or mismatch among certain groups of 
these output channels, making use, for example, of the neurological organiza 
tion common to all humans such as cerebral control of the contralateral side 
of the body. These principles will be presented later in this part of the book. 
3.   This seems to us to be more in the spirit of Russell's work. In order 
for an item to be meta to some other item — for example, the set of all sets is 
meta to the set of all chairs as it includes the latter as a member but not vice 
versa — it is necessary for the meta item to include the item it is meta to in its 
domain. But for a set of simultaneously generated paramessages, no one of 
them includes any of the others in any sense of include that we have found 
enlightening in organizing our experience in therapy. Russell's statements 
regarding the Theory of Logical Types can be found in Volume I, Introduc 
tion, Chapters  11,  12 and  20; and  Volume   II,  Prefatory Statement of 
Principia Mathematica, and in the American Journal of Mathematics, Volume 
XXX, 1908, pp. 222-262. 
4.  Logically, since a representational system may and, in fact, does 
contain more than one message at a time, it is possible that a message and one 
of its metamessages may be represented simultaneously. However, since we, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

961 PART II 
as  therapists,  can  only  come  to  know  what  messages  are  represented  in  a  
person's representational system through that person's output channels which 
are limited to one message at a time, this, apparently, has no consequences 
for communication and therapy. 
5.   By fully accepting all of the client's behavior, the therapist avoids 
the phenomenon of "resistance" in his clients and makes full use of the 
client's skills in assisting in the process of change for that client. We recom 
mend to you the excellent work of Milton H. Erickson, M.D., for examples of 
utilization of all of the client's behavior (Advanced Techniques of Hypnosis 
and Therapy by J. Haley [ed.],Grune and Stratton, 1967; Patterns of the 
Hypnotic  Techniques of Milton H. Erickson, M.D.  by R. Bandler and J. 
Grinder, Meta-Publications, 1975). 
6.  We present a more detailed and refined model for identifying and 
utilizing behavior in clients based on the cerebral assymmetries in Patterns of 
the Hypnotic Techniques of Milton H. Erickson, M.D., by R. Bandler and J. 
Grinder, Meta-Publications, 1975. This is one of the areas of direct cross-over 
between psychotherapy and hypnosis. 
7.   By carefully observing the client as he creates the image, the thera 
pist will have an excellent source of suggestions to the client of what to 
incorporate into his image — so if the client is biting his lip as he forms this 
image and  biting his lip  is a  paramessage  which  is congruent with the 
paramessages already in the image, then the therapist need only suggest the 
paramessage of biting his lip as a way in assisting the client in constructing a 
congruent, fantasized polarity. 
8.  Notice that, in the example given, the client does not have the 
accompanying kinesthetic presentations of his polarities. We have noticed 
that, when creating visual and auditory fantasies, clients often change their 
body  postures and  gestures to  match  those described  in the fantasized 
representation of themselves. Our decision has been to discourage this; we 
will describe the basis for this decision in Part III, Fuzzy Functions. 
9.   Satir Category 4 — irrelevant — is usually a rapid sequence of the 
other Satir categories with the person communicating incongruently both 
simultaneously and sequentially. Thus, the Satir Category 4 is not useful as a 
principle for sorting incongruities into polarities as it is itself incongruent. 
 
10.  We especially recommend to you the collection of articles, edited by 
Dimond and Beaumont, in Hemispheric Functions in the Human Brain, 1974, 
John Wiley and Sons, N.Y. 
11.  We use the term opposite polarity to identify the set of paramessages 
which constitute the client's models of the world which is maximally con 
flicting with the original polarity. Which set of paramessages constitutes the 
polar opposite for any particular polarity will differ with each person, for 
each model of the world. The ways in which polarities flip are an important 
indicator of the way a client models the world. We will return to this question 
in a later work. 
12.  Generalize to all Meta-model challenges. 

PART III Fuzzy 
Functions 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

 

Fuzzy Functions / 99 
We would like to focus your attention in this section on what 
we  consider  to  be  one  of  the  most  important  aspects  of  the  
Meta-model  presented  in  Magic  I:  semantic  well-formedness.  Two  
major  forms  that  semantic  well-formedness  has  as  expressed  in  
Magic /are: 
Cause-effect 
George forced Mary to weigh forty pounds. 
You make me angry. 
She makes me feel depressed. 
Mind-reading 
/ know what you're thinking. 
She doesn't like me. 
Everyone hates me. 
He thinks I'm ugly. 
To refresh your memory, we will briefly review these forms. 
Cause-Effect semantic ill-formedness is the case in which the 
referential index of responsibility is placed outside the speaker. 
You make me angry. 
The speaker, X, has no choice about being angry because Y forced 
him to be. Thus, a statement such as: 
Y Causative verb X feel some emotion 
is  said  to  be  semantically  ill-formed.  Sentences  of  this  type,  in  
fact,  identify  situations  wherein  one  person  does  some  act  and  a  
second person responds by feeling a certain way. The point here is 
that,  although  the  two  events  occur  one  after  another,  there  is  no  
necessary  connection  between  the  act  of  the  first  person  and  the  
response of the other. Therefore, sentences of this type identify a 
model in which the client assigns responsibility for his emotions to 
people or forces outside his control. The act itself does not cause 
the  emotion;  rather,  the  emotion  is  a  response  generated  from  a  
model  in  which  the  client  takes  no  responsibility  for  experiences  
which he could control. 
The  therapist's  task  at  this  point  is  to  challenge  the  model  in  
some way which will assist the client in taking responsibility for 
his responses. 
We intend in the following pages to more thoroughly explore 
this  phenomenon  by  examining  the  experiences  which,  typically,  
are the basis for this form of representation. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

}00/PART HI 
Mind  Reading  is  any  case  in  which  ©ne  person,  X, claims  to  
know the thoughts and emotions of another person, Y. 
I know she is unhappy. 
is an example of this. 
The  Meta-model  challenge  for  both  of  these  types  of  semantic  
ill-formedness  can  best  be  summed  up  by  the  process  question  
how. In Chapter 3 of Magic I we described the therapeutic task of 
dealing with semantic ill-formedness cause-effect as follows: 
Client's statement 
(a)  My husband makes me mad. 
(b)  My husband is unhappy. 
The  task  of  helping  a  client  to  represent  semantically  ill-
formed  representations  has  two  very  important  dimensions.  First,  
understanding  how  semantically  ill-formed  representations  are  
created,  and,  second,  learning  to  assist  the  clients  in  changing  the  
process  by  which  they  create  semantically  ill-formed  repre*  
sentations. 
SEMANTIC ILL-FORMEDNESS AND FUZZY FUNCTIONS: 
CAUSE-EFFECT 
Numerous  child  psychologists  have  made  the  point  that  chil-
dren  fail  to  differentiate  themselves  from  the  world  around  them.  
They  have  developed  no  mechanism  either  to  delete  incoming  
stimuli or even to tell the difference between stimuli originating in 
the  outside  world  and  those  originating  in  their  own  bodies.  The  
sensory stimuli from each of the input channels in the new infant 
is  represented  kinesthetically.  For  example,  if  you  make  a  loud  
noise  near  a  child,  the  child  will  cry,  not  only  as  a  result  of  the  
noise, but also by representing the noise as a body sensation. (The 
child,  as  well  as  many  adults,  will  flinch.)  The  child's  major  
process of representation, then, is to take information from all of 
his  input  channels  and  represent  these  sensory  informations  as  
body sensations. The child sees you smile and feels good, the child 
sees you sneer and feels bad. A stranger smiles and places his huge 
face in front of a baby; the baby feels frightened and cries. 
Thus,  we  define  a  fuzzy  function  as  any  modeling  involving  a  
representational  system  and  either  an  input  channel  or  an  output  
channel  in which the input or output channel involved is in a 

Fuzzy Functions / 101 
different modality from the representational system with which it 
is  being  used.  In  traditional  psychophysics,  this  term,  fuzzy 
function, is most closely translated by the term synesthesia. As we 
will  state  throughout  this  section,  fuzzy  functions  are  not  bad,  
crazy  or  evil,  and  the  outcome  of  what  we  consider  effective  
therapy  is  not  the  elimination  of  these  functions,  but  rather  the  
realization that these functions can be the basis for much creative 
activity on the part of humans as well as being the basis for much 
suffering  and  pain.  The  effective  therapeutic  outcome,  in  our  
experience,  is  for  the  client  to  have  a  choice  as  to  whether  he  
operates with fuzzy functions or with unfuzzy functions. 
There  are  two  major  things  to  be  learned  from  this  as  a  
therapist.  First,  that  many  of  the  so-called  imprint  experiences  
which  occur  in  young  children  are  the  result  of  parents  and  other  
people  failing  to  respect  these  see-feel,  hear-feel,  and  feel-feel  
processes  in  a  young  child  which  may  result,  although  not  in-
tended  by  the  adult,  in  frightening  and  traumatic  experiences  for  
children.  The  second  thing  we  can  learn  from  this  is  that  we  are  
wired  for  see-feel,  hear-feel  representations  as  children.  These  
circuits do not dissolve as we become adults. Many adults are using 
these  processes  of  representation  when  they  see blood  and  feel 
sick;  they  hear a  yelling,  blaming  voice  and  feel scared.  These  
processes are particularly common in times of stress. Stress, by its 
very  definition,  is  a  body  sensation  resulting  from  some  set  of  
events,  originating  either  inside  or  outside  the  organism.  We  are  
not proposing that this form of representation is bad, wrong, or 
not useful. We are, rather, pointing out a very frequently occurring 
part of everyone's stress experiences. When a client says a semanti-
cally ill-formed statement such as: 
My father makes me feel angry. 
we  respond  by  asking  how,  specifically,  he  does  this.  Our  client's  
response  will  almost  inevitably  be  a  description  of  something  he  
saw or heard (or both) which originated with the father. The client 
who  says  semantically  ill-formed  statements  of  this  Cause-Effect  
form  are  either  see-feeling,  hear-feeling,  or  both.  So,  when  the  
above client describes the representation of his experience as: 
When my father looks at me this way, (making a face) / 
feel angry. 
he is, in fact, describing the experience of see-feeling. Thus, when 
we say in the above quote from Magic I that the client's response 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

]02/PART HI 
is  generated  from  his  model  of  the  world,  that  the  resulting  
emotion felt is a response based on that client's model, and that in 
a  Cause-Effect  representation,  the  referential  index  of  responsi-
bility is being placed upon the world, we are, in fact, describing 
the result of uncontrolled see-feel and hear-feel circuits. When we 
say  that  these  clients  are  taking  no  responsibility  for  emotions  
which  they  could  control,  we  are  not  suggesting  that  everyone  
should always be reasonable and rational, but, rather, that human 
beings  can  have  choices  about  when  and  where  they  use  the  
processes of see-feel and hear-feel.
2
SEMANTIC ILL-FORMEDNESS AND FUZZY FUNCTIONS: 
MIND-READING 
Mind Reading is frequently the result of reversing the process 
of  Cause  Effect  semantic  ill-formedness.  In  Cause-Effect  semantic  
ill-formedness,  the  client  takes  in  information  through  visual  and  
auditory  channels  and  represents  that  information  as  a  body  
sensation  —  a  kinesthetic  representation.  What  we  have  found  in  
the case of Mind Reading is that the client takes body sensations — 
his  kinesthetic  representation  —  and  distorts  the  information  
arriving  visually  and  auditorially  from  outside  him  in  such  a  way  
that  it  conforms  to  his  body  sensations.  For  example,  a  client  is  
depressed  and  feels  worthless  in  his  ongoing  relationship  with  the  
person  he  cares  about.  This  other  person,  totally  unaware  of  the  
feelings  of  the  first  person,  arrives  home  very  tired  from  a  day's  
work. She walks into the room where the client is, waves faintly 
and groans. The client, using the feelings of depression and worth-
lessness,  interprets  the  faint  wave  and  groan  as  a  response  to  his  
friend's  catching  sight  of  him,  sitting  in  the  room,  turns  to  the  
therapist and says: 
You see, I told you that she thinks that I'm worthless. You 
heard her groan. 
What  has  happened  here  is  that  the  client  is  reading  his  friend's  
mind — he is interpreting (or in more classical psychological terms, 
projecting) certain analogical communications by his friend (faint 
wave  and  a  groan)  as  visual  and  auditory  information  that  his  
friend  thinks  that  he  is  worthless,  because  that  is  what  he  is  
feeling. The client, then, distorts the visual and auditory informa-
tion which he receives to make it consistent with his feelings. The 
way in which each of us distorts the information which we receive 

Fuzzy Functions / 103 
visually  and  auditorially  is  not  random;  rather,  it  is  distorted  in  
such a way as to make it maximally consistent with the way that 
we feel about ourselves at that point in time. In other words, we 
are exercising our feel-see and feel-hear circuits.
3
MINI -SO WHAT! 
The human beings who come to us, as therapists, seeking our 
help  with  pain  in  their  lives,  may  be  at  the  mercy  of  see-feel,  
hear-feel, or other fuzzy-function circuits. Semantic ill-formedness 
is the result of these fuzzy functions. 
Cause-Effect     =   see-hear or hear-feel 
Mind-Reading   -   feel-see or feel-hear 
Or, representing these two processes visually, we have: 
Semantic Ill-Formedness 
Cause-Effect                                  Mind                                  Reading 
Client's Visual and Auditory Client's Visual and Auditory 
Input Channels Input Channels 
Client's Kinesthetic Client's Kinesthetic 
Representational System Representational System 
Notice  that  the  result  of  uncontrolled  fuzzy  functions  asso-
ciated  with  Cause-Effect  semantic  ill-formedness  is  that,  first,  the  
client,  literally,  has  no  choice  over  the  way  that  he  feels,  and,  
secondly,  he  loses  touch  with  (literally)  his  own  ongoing  kines-
thetic  experience  as  the  information  which  he  is  receiving  visually  
and  auditorially  is  the  basis  for  his  feelings,  not  what  he  is  
presently  experiencing  kinesthetically.  On  the  other  hand,  the  
result  of  uncontrolled  fuzzy  functions  associated  with  Mind  
Reading  is  that  the  client  distorts  his  input  channels  —  sets  up  
forward feedback or feed-forward as discussed in Magic I — in such 
a  way  that  he  becomes  trapped  in  self-fulfilling  prophecies  which  
make  change  very  difficult  and  rob  him  of  the  ability  to  directly  
experience the world and his friends. 
Many  of  the  therapists  we  have  trained  in  recognizing  this  
phenomenon have doubted this even more than the identification 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

104/PART III 
of  representational  systems  by  natural  language  predicates.  We  
turn now to the work of Paul Bach-y-Rita to show you that, not 
only  do  these  fuzzy-function  circuits  exist,  but  that  they  can  be  a  
great  asset  as  well  as  the  basis  of  semantically  ill-formed  
representations. 
Bach-y-Rita's  work  is  in  the  area  of  sensory  substitution.  He  
and  his  co-workers  have  developed  a  machine  which  translates  
visual input into kinesthetic sensations for the purpose of making 
it  possible  for  the  blind  to  have  some  of  the  resources  of  the  
sighted. Blind people trained in use of this machine (the TVSS) 
can  secure  information  available  to  the  sighted  with  s k i l l   and  
proficiency.  Bach-y-Rita's  project  has  also  created  another  
machine  which  translates  auditory  input  into  kinesthetic  sensa-
tions.  He  describes,  not  only  the  success  of  his  project,  but  also  its  
neurological  foundations  in  his  book,  Brain  Mechanism  in  Sensory  
Substitution (1965).  He  states  the  following  findings  from  his  own  
work and that of others. 
Indeed,  visual  responses  have  been  reported  to  appear  
earlier  in  the  somesthetic  cortex  (kinesthetic)  than  in  the  
specific  visual  cortex  (Kreindler,  Crighel,  Stoica,  and  
Sotirescu,  1963).  Similarly,  responses  to  stimulation  of  the  
skin  can  be  recorded  from  widely  varying  regions  of  the  
cortex,  including  "specific"  somatosensory  cortex,  associa-
tions  areas,  and  even  the  visual  cortex  (Murata,  Cramer,  
and Bach-y-Rita, 1965). 
In a study of the cat's primary visual cortical cells, Murata, 
et  al.,  (1965)  demonstrated  that  even  these  cells  were  
polysensory, with approximately 37% of them responding 
to auditory and 46% to skin stimulation, compared to the 
70%  responding  to  the  visual  stimulus  we  employed.  Most  
of  the  units  responding  to  visual  and  auditory  stimuli  also  
responded   to   the   skin   stimulation....   These   results   
demonstrated that the visual cortex (the cortex considered 
most  highly  specialized  of  the  sensory  projection  areas)  
receives  input  from  other  sensory  modalities  as  well  as  
visual  input,  and  this  suggests  an  associative  or  integrating  
role of at least some cells in this area. 
Bach-y-Rita  not  only  demonstrates  the  existence  of  cross-over  
wiring,  but  finds  ways  of  utilizing  these  circuits  for  both  the  blind  
and  the  deaf.  The  relevance  of  these  circuits  to  psychotherapy  
may  not  yet  be  evident  to  the  reader,  so  let  us  return  to  the  
discussion of semantic ill-formedness. 

Fuzzy Functions / 105 
When a therapist uses guided fantasy techniques, that is, when 
he asks clients to close their eyes and make pictures in their minds 
of what the therapist describes, the therapist is, in fact, asking the 
client  to  use  a  fuzzy  function,  viz.,  to  take  words  (auditory)  as  
input  and  create  visual  representations.  When  a  primarily  visual  
client utters the response, 
/ see what you are saying. 
very  often  they  are,  literally,  making  a  picture  of  the  therapist's  
words. As we mentioned in Part I, this is something you can check 
simply  by  asking  your  clients  and  friends  about  it  when  they  say  
such  things.  These  also  are  fuzzy  functions.  The  term  fuzzy 
function was assigned to this type of activity, not because it is a 
bad  activity  —  in  fact,  it  may  be  a  fantastic  resource,  as  shown  by  
Bach-y-Rita and by the use of guided fantasy in therapy — rather, 
the phrase, Fuzzy Function, was assigned to this particular model-
ing  because  so  many  people  lack  both  a  consciousness  of  this  
phenomenon and the resulting control over the use of these ways 
of  creating  representations.  So  very  often,  we  have  heard  people  
criticize each other for not having the same fuzzy function as they 
have.  For  example,  when  the  authors  were  lecturing  at  a  college,  
just  prior  to  the  beginning  of  the  class,  we  walked  into  a  heated  
argument  in  which  one  student  was  criticizing  her  boyfriend  for  
not being a feeling person. She described him as being insensitive, 
for not feeling bad when dissecting a dead cat in his biology class 
(he was not see-feeling). He, in return, described her as being just 
as  insensitive  for  not  feeling  sympathy  when  he  told  her  how  he  
felt  about  her  accusation  (she  was  not  hear-feeling).  This  inter-
personal  conflict  became  the  focus  of  our  lecture-demonstration  
until  both  parties  came  to  understand  that  neither  of  their  maps  
was the  right  way  of  representing  reality  but  each  was,  in  fact,  
composed  of  the  very  differences  which  we  can  come  to  accept  
and  appreciate  in  other  human  beings.  Also,  each  of  these  two  
students  learned  something  new  of  the  choices  which  were  avail-
able to them in the way they represent their world. We helped this 
woman to learn to see-see as well as see-feel, so she had the choice 
of  taking  and  passing  the  biology  course  as  well  as  many  other  
tasks  which  would  otherwise  be  painful  if  she  permitted  herself  
only the choice of see-feeling. Many of the people in our Therapist 
Training  Seminars  have  come  to  appreciate  the  skills  and  choices  
available to them when they learn to use all of their input channels 
and  representational  systems  in  many  ways.  For  instance,  many  
therapists feel great pain as they listen to the problems and trials 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

106/ PART III 
of their clients. This is not, in itself, a liability; in fact, it can be an 
asset.  However,  some  of  the  therapists  who  have  come  to  us  for  
training  have  described  a  feeling  of  being  overwhelmed  with  the  
pain  of  their  clients  to  the  extent  that  they  could  not  really  help  
them. When see-feel and hear-feel circuits go unchecked, and when 
a  client  or  a  therapist  finds  himself  without  other  choices,  the  
results  can  be  devastating.  We  believe  these  may  even  result  in  
what is commonly called psychosomatic diseases. 
We plan in the future to investigate which distinctions of each 
sensory  system  (for  example,  for  sight,  color,  shape,  intensity,  
etc.) can be mapped into which representational system and what 
the  resulting  outcomes  are,  both  behavioristically  and  psychically.  
We believe that certain combinations of fuzzy functions, if rigidly 
used, will result in specific psychosomatic diseases. For now, we 
will return to the application for therapy. 
The  importance  of  understanding  and  working  with  fuzzy  
functions  cannot  be  over-emphasized.  When  therapists  first  come  
into  contact  with  this  way  of  describing  human  behavior,  their  
reaction is often one of, "Well, what does it get me. How can I use 
it?" There are a number of ways to respond to this question. The 
first is to understand that people who come for therapy are not (as 
we said in Magic I) bad, sick, crazy, or evil, but are making the 
best  choices  available  in  their  model  of  the  world.  Take,  for  
example, Martha. She is a young woman about 28 years old who 
had  been  convicted  of  child  beating.  She  had  not  only  been  
subjected  to  the  ridicule  of  the  courts,  her  parents,  and  friends,  
but, more importantly, ridicule of herself by herself. She had been 
"treated  by  several  clinicians,"  and  "counseled  by  her  clerical  
leader."  Yet,  she  still  did  not  trust  herself  or  even  like  herself.  She  
showed up one evening at a seminar conducted by the authors; she 
was uninvited and embarrassed, but mostly sorely in need of help. 
When  we  inquired  about  her  presence,  she  apologized  and  said  she  
would  leave.  Both  authors  asked  almost  simultaneously  what  she  
wanted. She immediately began to cry and started to tell her tale. 
She told of a young marriage and an early divorce, a young child, a 
boy, whom, though she loved him dearly, she had beaten until she 
had turned herself over to the authorities, only to lose her son and 
be "rightfully punished." As she put it, 
/ feel I'm at the end of my rope. I see there Is no way for 
me  to  feel  differently.  I  just  lose  control  and  I  can't  stop  
myself. I can't see any way I could feel differently. Some-
times, when I would see my son, I would feel so proud, 
but when he would do the smallest thing wrong, I felt so 

Fuzzy Functions / 107 
mad I'd begin to scold him and something in the way he 
looked  at  me  —  I  just  don't  know  — I'd  get  madder  and  
madder until I hit him, and then. . . . I just don't know 
what  happened.  I'd  lose  control  and  hit  him  more  and  
more — it was like I'd go crazy. 
The authors immediately recognized some patterns which were 
familiar  to  us,  even  though  we  had  never  before  worked  with  a  
woman who beat her child. We heard an unusual use of predicates. 
/ can't see any way I could feel differently. 
This is one of the most direct examples of see-feel predicates we 
had encountered. She also made statements such as: 
My son looked warm. The judge 
appeared to be a cold man. I can't see 
how to grasp my problems. Clearly, this 
has been hard on me. 
All  of  the  above  statements  are  cross-over  predicates  which  pre-
suppose visual input represented kinesthetically. This woman was 
a  see-feeler.  We  began,  at  this  point,  to  explore  her  model  of  the  
world,  using  the  Meta-model.  We  were  watching  and  listening  to  
discover how this woman's see-feeling fuzzy function could result 
in child-beating when so many other people's did not. The process 
by  which  this  occurred  unfolded  as  we  elicited  a  full  represen-
tation  or  model  of  her  experience.  The  important  parameters  of  
which  we  became  aware  (in  terms  of  the  information  thus  far  
presented in this volume and in Volume 1) were as follows. 
This  woman's  primary  input  channel  was  visual;  in  fact,  she  
had very great difficulty communicating as she did not hear many 
of our questions and would ask us to repeat them many times. She 
could easily understand our questions only if they were phrased in 
kinesthetic  predicates;  her  primary  representational  system  was  
kinesthetic.  She  spent  most  of  her  time  placating, and  used  many  
nominalizations in  her  language  communication.  Her  primary  
output  channel  for  communication  appeared  also  to  be  kines-
thetic; she  communicated  by  gesture  smoothly,  nearly  always  
responding  to  us  by  using  different  facial  expressions,  smiling  or  
frowning when we asked how she felt about something. Her verbal 
responses  were  said  with  a  grating  tone,  and  she  responded  with  
words  only  when  we  would  prod  her  for  verbal  answers.  When  we  
asked  her to describe again how she came to beat her son, she 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

W8/PAR Till 
described his actions as being much the same as hers (although he 
was not present to verify this). 
So  the  question  of  how  this  young  woman  suddenly  turned  
into  a  child  beater  was  still  unanswered.  Yet,  we  did  know  infor-
mation which could be represented in the following manner: 
 
Input
RepresentationalOutput
M
System
A   
1 
R      
T   
J
  
H 
visual 
kinesthetic kinestheti
A 
V K 
K
 
Satir 
Stance 
placating 
1L 
 
SemanticallyMeta-Model
Ill-FormedMost Frequent 
Violationof
Well-
  
J
 
nominalizatio
cause-effect 
see-feel 
Nom
C-E 
Visual  input  is  represented  as  body  sensations  —  nominalized  
see-feeling which is expressed as placating kinesthetically. We then 
began  to  understand  the  process  by  which  this  woman  became  
violent.  If  you  think  back  to  the  section  on  playing  polarities,  
you'll remember that playing a polarity elicits the unplayed polar-
ity,  which  for  this  woman  was  blaming  and  was  still  expressed  
kinesthetically  (generally,  the  polarity  of  placating  is  blaming).  
Furthermore, blaming kinesthetically in its most exaggerated form 
is  violence.  One  of  the  authors  played  the  polarity  which  Martha  
was  playing;  he  began  more  congruently  than  she,  matching  her  
voice  tone,  which  she  seemed  not  to  notice.  He  then  copied  her  
placating posture, asking in her own tone for her not to be so hard 
on  herself.  She  did  not  seem  to  hear  the  author's  tonality,  but,  
looking  intently  at  him,  she  first  would  squint,  then  clench  her  
fists, moving her arms up and down, then squinting until she burst 
into  rage,  screaming  incoherently  and  swinging  her  fists  as  she  
approached the author. 
To  digress  for  a  moment,  let's  consider  the  result  of  this  
intervention. Martha at certain moments changed some aspects of 
how  she  was  representing  her  world  in  some  way  that  made  it  
possible for her to commit acts of violence. While she was scream-
ing  and  approaching  us,  we  noticed  that  her  input  channel  re-
mained   visual   and   her   representational   system   remained   
kinesthetic.  Furthermore,  the  nominalizations  had  dropped  out  of  
her speech, and color filled her cheeks as she began, for the first 
time  in  our  experience  of  her,  to  breathe  deeply.  Cause-Effect  
semantic  ill-formedness  was  still  present,  but  she  was  no  longer  
placating. Rather, she was blaming furiously and her major output 
channel was kinesthetic. 

Fuzzy Functions / 109 
M Input    Representational    Output     Satir    Semantic III- Meta-Model 
AChannel         System Channel Category  Formedness   Violation 
R 
TVisual              Kino Kino     Blaming      De-Nom    Cause-Effect 
H 
AV                    K K 2              Norn.            
C.E. 
The result of this process of representation was violence. Let 
us  consider  how  this  works:  Visual  information  for  Martha  was  
usually  taken  in  and  represented  as  body  feelings  which  in  a  
nominalization  were  non-movement.  (Nominalization  is  the  
process by which a verb of natural language is turned into an event 
or  thing,  "thingified.")  The  nominalization  of  a  kinesthetic  repre-
sentation  is  movement  which  is  frozen  into  body  posture.  Thus,  
when  Martha's  polarity  was  played  by  one  of  the  authors,  she  
saw-felt  her  own  polarity.  This  served  to  denominalize  her  in  the  
following  way:  A  direct  biofeedback  loop  —  she  felt  what  she  was  
doing  with  her  own  body  as  the  therapist  was,  at  this  point,  
presenting  a  mirror  image,  so  when  she  saw-felt  him,  she  felt  what  
was  going  on  in  her  own  body  also.  Furthermore,  the  therapist  
played  her  dominant  polarity  more  congruently  so  she  responded  
by  communicating  the  paramessages  associated  with  the  less  
forcefully  expressed  polarity  —  blaming.  The  result  was  a  de-
nominalization  kinesthetically  —  blaming  communicated  kines-
thetically,  better  known  as  outright  violence.  Consider  now  for  a  
moment,  if  you  will,  a  woman  like  Martha  who  rigidly  see-feels  —  
she  scolds  her  son  in  a  grating  voice  of  which  she  is,  for  the  most  
part,  unaware.  He,  being  a  child,  hear-feels  and  placates  which  she  
see-feels  just  as  one  of  the  authors  did.  She  then  responds  by  
denominalizing  and  exploding  into  kinesthetic  blaming;  she  hits  
her  son,  who  becomes  more  placative  upon  being  attacked  by  an  
adult.  This  only  exaggerates  Martha's  see-feel  circuit  into  an  esca-
lating sequence for which she has no controlling resources. 
At  the  risk  of  seeming  too  clinical  about  Martha,  we  would  
like to diverge even further from her story for a moment, in order 
to prepare you to understand what follows. There are two points 
we wish you to understand before we continue. First is the theory 
of pattern disruption. We have found it most useful in our work to 
assist our clients in breaking escalating patterns, especially patterns 
of  kinesthetic  expression  of  anger.  Many  psychotherapists  recog-
nize  the  danger  of  this  type  of  unchecked  escalation  and  have  
clients drugged or strapped down to break the mounting pattern 
of  violence.  We  find  this  response  quite  unsatisfactory;  drugs  and  
straps do not break the pattern of see-feeling or hear-feeling in a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

UO/PART HI 
way that will leave the client new choices about how to represent 
her  world  and  to  communicate  in  the  future,  nor  do  drugs  and  
straps make any attempt to integrate both of the valuable parts of 
human  beings.  They  serve  only  to  suppress  the  polarity  in  the  
same  way  Martha  had  been  doing  all  of  her  life.  As  see-feeling  
continues,  she  will,  at  some  time  in  the  future,  explode  and  the  
cycle  will  continue.  Nor  does  drugging  and  incarceration  respect  
the amazing abilities of human beings to learn new ways of coping 
and  of  representing  their  world.  But,  most  of  all,  approaches  of  
this nature do not make use of all of the dynamic life that is being 
represented in an explosion of this nature in a way that will utilize 
it  and  make  it  a  source  of  an  integrative  experience.  We  do  not  
intent  to  harshly  scold  therapists  who  use  such  techniques.  We  
realize  that  every  therapist  does  the  best  he  can  to  help  people  
with  the  tools  and  skills  he  has  available.  We  understand  that  
psychotherapy is a very young field and that all of us have much 
to  learn  about  the  vast  potential  of  human  beings  to  learn  and  to  
grow,  to  reorganize  the  processes  by  which  they  represent  and  
communicate  their  experience.  We  have  much  to  learn  about  the  
ability  people  have  to  change  in  new  ways,  given  the  appropriate  
resources.  We  are  certain  that  some  psychotherapists  who  have  
recognized  this  dilemma  have  played  the  polarity  of  traditional  
psychotherapy  and  let  their  client  explode  into  exhaustion  in  the  
belief that the feelings which were being expressed by anger could 
be  discharged  permanently.  Unfortunately,  this  does  not,  in  our  
experience, break the see-feel, hear-feel circuits, nor does this type 
of  activity  serve  to  integrate  or  re-educate  clients  in  new  ways  of  
representing  or  communicating  their  experience.  Although  it  may  
have  more  value  for  the  client  than  drugs  whose  effects  are  
unknown,  the  basic  pattern  is  unchanged.  So,  what  other  choices  
are available to therapists in these situations? 
We  suggest  that  therapists  try  another  alternative  —  to  inter-
rupt the explosion of anger in a way which will enable the client 
to  use  the  dynamic  life  force  being  discharged  and,  thereby,  to  
integrate  the  paramessages  being  expressed,  using  this  energy  to  
break  the  see-feel—hear-feel  circuit  in  a  way  that  offers  clients  new  
choices  which  are  lasting  and  which  enable  them  to  organize  their  
experience differently. This, of course, is easier to say than to do, 
although it is not as difficult as it, at first, may seem. Consider the 
problem in the following steps: 
First,  the  case  being  discussed  is  that  of  a  see-feeler;  her  
explosion is one which resulted by the therapist's playing polarities. If 
a  therapist  wishes  to  interrupt  this  escalating  pattern,  he  i          may  
do a number of things. He may play the reverse polarity. This 

Fuzzy Functions /111 
will  demand  all  of  the  congruity  the  therapist  has  to  present  
himself  as  more  blaming  than  the  client.  The  therapist  can  also  
require  that  the  client  close  her  eyes,  thereby  shutting  off  the  
see-feel circuit. The problem with this maneuver is that the client 
may  make  a  visual  image  in  her  head  which  then  gets  translated  
into  a  kinesthetic  representation.  This  may  be  overcome  by  a  
constant  demand  by  the  therapist  on  the  client  to  breathe.  He  
may, in some congruent fashion, demand that she switch represen-
tational  systems,  and  shift  all  that  she  feels  into  a  pictorial  
representation.  In  the  following  visual  representation,  we  show  
what has occurred as the therapist played polarity. 
Input      Representational       Output        Satir         Semantic III-     Meta-Model 
Channel System Channel   Category      Formedness       Violation     Result 
_____________________POLARITY ONE__________________________________
V K K 1 Cause-Effect Nom Incon- 
gruent 
Unstable 
System 
t POLARITY TWO \
V K K 2 Cause-Effect 0 Con- 
gruent 
Violence 
If  you  check  the  two  representations  above,  you  will  notice  
that  not  only  are  both  of  these  choices  and  maps  of  the  world  
rather  unsatisfactory  for  representing  Martha's  experience,  but  
they  are,  furthermore,  not  well  sorted  and  separated  polarities  
according  to  the  criteria  of  Part  II  of  this  book.  In  order  for  
Martha  to  begin  the  process  of  integration,  she  must  have  more  
choices  about  how  she  represents  her  experience.  At  this  point,  
she  has  no  choices  other  than  to  represent  her  experience  of  the  
world  as  feelings.  Therapeutic  goal  number  one  here  should  be  to  
create an experience which will allow Martha to utilize another of 
her representational systems. Goal number two should be to have 
that  representational  system  feed  into  an  output  channel  which  is  
safe for her to use to denominalize herself. 
As  Martha  came  screaming  and  swinging  her  fists,  both  
authors,  simultaneously,  firmly  and  congruently  interrupted  this  
explosion  as  it  reached  a  peak of frenzy by demanding in a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

U21 PART III 
blaming way that she stop and close her eyes, and allow all that 
she  felt  to  evolve  itself  into  a  picture  in  her  mind's  eye.  She  
paused,  as  if  startled;  the  demand  was  made  even  stronger  and  
more congruently. Her eyes closed and she began to squint. 
Therapist: What do you see now? 
Martha: (Yelling) Nothing (her voice beginning to trail off). 
God damn it. . . . 
Therapist: Look harder till you see! 
Martha: I can't. I can't (whining, but her fists still closed). 
Therapist: (The therapist told her to breathe deeply and she 
did so to let the tension in her body come out as a picture. 
His voice changing to softness, he continued to coax her 
until her facial expression changed slightly.) Now, what do 
you see? 
Martha: Yes, I can't tell what it is ... it's foggy... . Therapist: 
Take a breath, let the image become clear, look 
closer, let it come. Martha: (Beginning to sob) Shit ... 
oh, shit. (She begins to 
clench her fists as if to return to a frenzy.) Therapist: No, 
don't interfere this time, just let it come and 
look. You have been running for too long and you have 
had too much pain, so this time bear it for awhile and you 
will learn (softly). 
Martha: (Crying now) My baby, my baby, he ... (sobbing). 
Therapist: Tell me what you see, describe your image as clearly 
as you can. Martha:  He looks so scared, and so hurt , .. 
(breaking into 
tears, but beginning to clench her fists). Therapist: No, just 
look, and see, and describe just this once. 
You have carried this for too, too long. Just see what you 
see, and describe it to me. 
Martha began at this point to describe her son as frightened 
and hurt. She sobbed and sobbed. 
This  is  only  the  beginning,  and  too  often,  in  our  experience,  
therapists stop at a point such as this and let all of these energies 
be exhausted. Again we moved to help Martha more. Martha now 
has reversed her process — she is taking kinesthetic representations 
and making visual representations for them. The see-feel cycle is at 
least temporarily interrupted. 

Fuzzy Functions / 113 
Input       Representational        Output Satir 
Channel            System              Channel            Categroy            
-Auditory   — --------1 ----------------M.R. 
Martha had begun the process of change. We then proceeded 
to  try  to  sort  the  appropriate  input  channels  into  the  associated  
representational  system.  During  this  time,  we  had  Martha  watch  
the  image  of  her  baby  and  placed  her  body  in  the  position  from  
which  she  had  previously  placated,  asking  her  to  watch  the  image  
closely  as  we  moved  her  body.  The  image  changed;  she  was  
frightened  at  first  and  we  reassured  her.  She  described  seeing  
herself;  she  said  she  looked  mean  and  angry  in  her  picture.  She  
described herself as having a fierce-looking face and intense eyes. 
Therapist: As  you  look  at  this  part  of  yourself,  watch  her  
closely, and tell her how you feel as you see her; be sure to 
keep  a  clear  picture,  and  watch  her  expression  as  you  tell  
her this. 
This  request  has  the  presupposition  that  the  client  will  express  her  
kinesthetic sensation verbally while at the same time maintaining a 
visual representation. 
Martha: Please don't make me . . . 
Therapist: (Interrupting) Tell her what you feel as you see her 
in your mind's eye. 
Martha: I feel afraid. 
Therapist: Tell her how, specifically. 
Martha: You . . . 
Therapist: Tell her how you feel afraid in your body. 
Martha: I  feel  tense  in  my  back  and  shaky  in  my  stomach.  I'm  
afraid of you ... of what you make me do. 
Therapist: Watch  her  face!  What  do  you  see?.,.  How  does  she  
look? 
Martha: She looks disgusted. 
Therapist: How, specifically? 
Martha: She is scowling, and shaking her head back and forth. 
(Martha is shaking her head no.) 
Therapist: Describe what you see — do not do it. (The thera-
pist  stops  Martha  from  moving  her  head.)  Is  she  still  
shaking her head? 
Martha: Yes. 
Therapist: As you watch and listen to her, what does she say? 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

\WjPART III 
Martha: I don't hear anyth .... 
Therapist: Listen more closely. There, do you hear? What does 
she say as you watch her lips and her mouth move? 
Martha: Twisting her head  as if to hear, she smiles a little 
smirk. 
Therapist: What did she say to you? Martha:  (Chuckling) She 
said I'm a dumb bell, and to stop 
whining, and to defend myself. Therapist: How is that 
funny? Martha: Well, it's me but the words are the same 
things my 
mother always  told   me (her chuckling turns to a soft 
sobbing). I swore I'd never be like her. Damn it, damn it 
(still soft and mumbling). Therapist:   Now,   Martha,  
watch   her  closely,  and   tell  how 
you're not like her. Watch her closely, and listen as you do 
this. Say Martha. Martha: Martha, I'm not like you. I ... I 
... I'm — mmmm — 
nice to people, and kind of soft, warm to them — I don't 
hurt them. 
Therapist: What does she say as you watch her? Listen closely. 
Martha:  . . . She, she says  I'm  too weak, too easily pushed 
around. 
Therapist: How does she look as she says this to you? Martha: 
She doesn't look mad now; she looks concerned, sort 
of worried about me. Therapist: Tell her about your 
worries for her, and watch and 
listen. Martha: You a ... a ... I ... I am worried about 
you. You 
hurt people by coming out so suddenly and so meanly . . . 
then you end up being lonely. Even I fight to keep you 
away. Therapist: Now, listen ever so carefully, and watch 
her, as you 
listen. Martha:   (Smiling, with concerned expression) She 
looks . . . 
sort of brave, if you know what I mean. She says she can 
take . .. take it. Therapist: How do you feel about her 
now, as you look at 
her? Martha: Well, it's the first time I ever. . . well . .. kind 
of liked 
her at all, you know. Therapist: Martha, watch her, and 
as you do, ask her what, 
specifically, she wants. Martha: (Interrupting) What do you 
want? She wants me to let 
her help me stand up so ... well... so she doesn't need to 

Fuzzy Functions / 115 
burst out. She wants me to see that I don't always need to 
be so wishy-washy. 
Therapist: Would you like that? (Martha nods yes.) Tell her. 
Martha: I feel I need you, not all at one time though but I do 
need to be braver and stronger. I do. 
Therapist: Tell her what you want for yourself; watch her and 
tell her what you want for yourself. 
Martha: I want your . . . well . .. good things, but I also want 
to be soft and not hurt anybody . .. physically and not 
lose total control, you know . . . 
Therapist: What's her reply? Listen — watch her. 
Martha: She agrees we could do it. She's smiling and ... 
Therapist: Martha,  as  you  see  her  smiling,  strong  and  brave,  
and  not  needing  to  take  control  over  you,  knowing  that  
you can have both her toughness and your own tenderness 
when either is appropriate, let your hands come up slowly, 
grasping  the  picture  before  you,  ever  so  slowly,  watching  
her  face.  (Martha's  eyes  are  still  closed.  She  raises  her  
hands  and  grasps  the  air  a  foot  in  front  of  her.)  Now,  
slowly  seeing  her  and  feeling  yourself  pull  her  closer  to  
you  slowly  ...  so  slowly  .  ..  until  you  feel  her  enter  and  
become  part  of  yourself,  seeing  what  you  see  and  feeling  
what  you  feel.  That's  right.  (Martha  pulls  her  hands  slowly  
until  they  touch  her  chest.  As  she  did,  she  took  a  deep  
breath,  and  then  another,  relaxing  her  body  and  smiling.)  
What do you feel as you let this become part of you? 
Martha: (Smiling) It's kind of weird .. . 
Therapist: What is? 
Martha: I feel a tingling in my chest . . . feel good . . . but. . . 
Therapist: Just  let  this  spread  and  spread  and  fill  your  whole  
body. As it does so, what do you see? 
Martha: Bobby (her son). I miss him ... 
Therapist: How do you feel? 
Martha: Still tingling, but it is all over my body now. 
Therapist: Now,  Martha,  let  your  eyes  open,  slowly  feeling  
your body, and seeing what you see as you feel yourself 
.. . slowly, that's it... tell what you see. 
Martha: I see people — they look bright.... I mean the colors 
are  so  bright  and  I  see  you  (speaking  to  one  of  the  
authors). 
Therapist: And how do you feel as you look at me? 
Martha: Still tingling. It feels good. I'm so relaxed but yet so — 
so, well, awake, kind of. I feel good. 
Therapist: Martha, too often therapy looks good but is not 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

effective. May we test you? 
Martha: What? No, I heard you. How? 
Therapist: That spoils it; will you trust me? 
Martha: Yes (tilting her head in confusion, but still glowing 
and smiling and breathing deeply). 
Therapist: (The  therapist  began  at  this  point  to  play  the  same  
polarity  that  elicited  such  a  violent  response,  placating  
Martha and asking her to please [in a grating voice] not be 
so hard on herself.) 
Martha: Martha  laughed  uproariously  and,  forcing  a  grin,  
looked  at  the  therapist  and  jokingly  said,  "You're  dis-
gusting; you need help." 
Although  neither  of  the  therapists  has  seen  Martha  again  and  
there  are  still  many  parts  of  her  which  could  use  therapeutic  
assistance, this is an example of the power humans have to change. 
She called us twice on the phone; once, two months later to tell us 
she  was  alive  and  well  in  the  Midwest.  She  was  happy  and  endeav-
oring to begin a new life. A second call came six months later from 
a  joyous  Martha  who  had  with  her  once  again  her  son;  she  
expressed gratitude for the two hours we gave her and promised to 
buy  a  copy  of  this  book.  We  are  not  suggesting  that  one  thera-
peutic  session  is  ever  all  that  a  client  needs,  but,  rather,  that  a  
great  deal  can  happen  in  a  short  time  when  we,  as  therapists,  
respect  our  client's  ability  to  grow  and  change  when  given  the  
resources  to  do  so.  Most  important,  we  wish  you  to  realize  the  
necessity  of  giving  clients  choices  about  how  they  represent  the  
world, especially when they have rigid fuzzy-function patterns. 
Let us return now to Martha and see what can be learned from 
this  session.  In  the  last  change  that  we  discussed,  Martha  was  
representing the world by the following process: 
Input      Representational       Output        Satir         Semantic III-     Meta-Model 
Channel System Channel    Category      Formedness       Violation 
K V A 1 M.R. 0 
As the therapist placed Martha's body in a placating posture 
she  had  previously  used,  the  only  possibility  for  change  was  the  
content of her visual representation — she became herself instead 
of her son. 

Fuzzy Functions / 117 
Input Representational         Output Satir         Semantic III-      Meta-Model 
Channel System Channel         Stance        Formedness         Violation 
K                          V                          A                          1                          M.R.                          0 
The  above  is  a  process  of  representation  which  is  safe  to  denomi-
nalize.  The  therapist  then  assists  the  client  to  denominalizing,  
putting  movements,  action,  and  process  into  the  visual  represen-
tation,  at  the  same  time  working  to  simultaneously  build  a  
kinesthetic  representational  system,  sorting  Martha's  incongruency  
until she had two congruent models of the world. 
Input       Representational       Output Satir         Semantic III-       Meta-Model 
Channel System Channel Stance        Formedness         Violation 
1.          K          K          A          external          1          M.R.          Del          
2.          A          V          A          internal          2          C.E.          Del          
These  polarities  were  then  integrated  in  both  the  visual  and  
kinesthetic  representational  systems  simultaneously,  the  results  
being: 
 
Input 
Channel 
Representational 
System 
Output 
Channel 
Satir 
Stance 
Semantic III-
Formedness 
Meta-Model 
Violation 
K K 
K 
   
V V 
V 
   
Although  many  aspects  of  Martha's  life  will  still  contain  ill-formed  
representations, she has a new reference structure of see-seeing and 
feel-feeling  at  the  same  time.  This  will  greatly  affect  her  ability  to  
cope every time she chooses to use this new learning. What more 
can be expected from a few hours and a chance meeting? 
The preceding case of Martha is not an exceptional one in our 
work.  We  have  found  fuzzy  functions  to  be  the  process  behind  
many painful and inadequate coping systems in our clients. Cases 
of  sadism,  for  example,  have  been  identified  as  see-feel  circuits  in  
which visual input of another's pain was represented as kinesthetic 
pleasure.  We  have  had  clients  whose  asthma  was  the  result  of  
see-feel,  hear-feel  representation  of  other's  aggression  toward  them  
stored  in  their  own  bodies  (especially  their  neck  and  throat).  The  
value of working with fuzzy functions is that we are able to give 
our  clients  choices  about  where  and  when  they  use  these  fuzzy  
functions directly — this has great potential for therapy in and by 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

 I PART III 
itself.  There  is,  however,  even  more  to  be  gained  from  an  under-
standing  of  these  processes.  Very  often  in  therapy,  just  when  
something begins to happen, a client will seem to lose the ability 
to  hear  or  see,  or  both.  He  might  become  agitated  in  some  way  
which  interrupts  his  progress  and  growth  and  the  development  of  
new choices. We have found in our own work that very often we 
can  reverse  these  interruptions  simply  by  paying  attention  to  the  
shifts  which  our  clients  make  in  their  body  postures.  Fuzzy  
functions,  we  have  found,  are  associated  with  distinctive  body  
postures.  These  postures  may  be  different  for  each  person  with  
whom we work, but are, in each case, quite noticeable. In times of 
stress, some clients lift their chin up, others push their chin out in 
front  of  them,  others  scrunch  their  shoulders  together,  and  some  
squint  their  eyes.  These  are  typical.  They  all  share  similar  out-
comes — they all serve to identify a fuzzy function. We have found 
that rearranging our clients' postures back to a more relaxed one 
and then asking them to breathe very often is all that is needed to 
continue  a  therapeutic  session  on  a  course  which  is  accomplishing  
something. Sometimes a maneuver such as this will set off power-
ful reactions. If a client is see-feeling a strong emotion and tries to 
cut  that  emotion  off  by  lifting  and  stiffening  his  neck,  and  we  
move his neck back, he will come into contact with feelings which 
have been the source of great coping difficulties. 
Some  rather  interesting  research  has  been  done  in  this  area.  
Gerald  Schuchman  and  Ernest  J.  Burgi  in  1971  reported  that  jaw  
position has a profound effect on hearing. By shifting the position 
of  the  jaw  bone,  differences  in  sensitivity  to  pure  tone  could  be  
increased.  Also,  sensitivity  for  threshold  sensitivity  increased  on  
the  average  of  15db.  What  this  means  to  the  psychotherapist  is  
simply that, by shifting a client's jaw position, you will increase 
his ability to hear. Also, by paying close attention to our clients' 
jaw position, we can learn when they are hearing and when they 
are not. 
Altshuler  and  Comalli  have  reported  findings  in  the  area  of  
body tilt and ability to localize sound. Many studies of this nature 
have been done. What we as therapists can learn is not just to read 
these journals but also to pay attention to our own experience in a 
new way. Try a little exercise, if you will: 
Have someone speak to you about anything. As they do so in a 
fashion that does not require you to reply, try shifting your own 
jaw  bone  to  different  positions  and listen to the effect on your 
own ability to hear. We have all had the experience of fading out 
of a conversation, but have you ever paid attention to any posture 

Fuzzy Functions / 119 
changes you use to accomplish this? This will be an opportunity to 
learn, not only about yourself, but about how your clients also use 
posture to affect their hearing. Next, try all kinds of combinations 
of  moving  your  head  from  left  to  right  and  tilting  your  body,  
pulling  your  shoulders  together,  and  any  other  combination  that  
comes to mind. You might try a posture of one of your clients 
who  does  seem  to  hear  you  too  well  and  see  if  changing  to  his  
posture affects your own hearing. 
The  changes  you  notice  in  your  own  ability  to  hear  will  be  
exaggerated  in  your  clients  in  times  of  stress  or  when  discussing  
emotionally  charged  issues.  Helping  them  to  keep  breathing  and  
maintaining  a  posture  which  allows  them  to  hear  will  be  a  big  
asset.  Virginia  Satir  said  to  a  client  one  time,  "It  is  easy  to  feel  
down when you keep looking down." We suggest that you try it 
for an hour and experience the truth of her words. There are many 
body  tuning  techniques  which  we  use  in  our  work.  These  will  be  
detailed  more  precisely  in  a  later  volume.  Most  of  these  you  can  
find  by  exploration  if  you  are  willing  to  simply  explore  with  
yourself. People who squint complain of great difficulty in seeing, 
or often state: 
/ can't see what you're saying to them. 
People  who  have  great  difficulty  with  visual  imagery  can  be  
assisted  in  learning  these  techniques  by  paying  close  attention  to  
eye-scanning  patterns  —  as  a  cursory  review  of  recent  Rapid  Eye  
Movement (REM) research will show. 
Body  tuning  can  be  an  amazing  asset  in  therapy  when  used  to  
assist  clients  in  using  their  senses  to  the  utmost  potential  while  
dealing  with  stressful  portions  of  their  model  of  the  world.  We  
intend to do much more work in this area in the coming year. For 
now, we would like to mention this briefly so those of you who 
wish to explore this area will have the opportunity. 
SUMMARY OF PART III 
Fuzzy  functions  are  the  processes  for  representing  the  world  
which are the basis of semantic ill-formedness, when our clients do 
not  have  choices  about  what  they  see-feel  or  hear-feel,  feel-hear,  
etc. Since semantic ill-formedness is the source of much of the 
pain we see and hear in therapy, we would like briefly to review 
the possibilities of fuzzy functions and their outcomes. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

120 /PART III 
  
Input 
Visual 
v 
to Representation
Kinesthetic 
Auditory 
A ----------------
to 
Kinesthetic 
Type of Semantic Ill-Formedness 
*  Cause-effect / You make me sad 
=  C.E. 
=  Cause-effect / You make me sad 
=  C.E. 
 
Input                      Representation 
Kinesthetic     to      Visual 
Type of Semantic Ill-Formedness 
 Mind reading / I can see when 
he's 
 
K- 
scared. 
 MR 
 
Kinesthetic     to      Auditory 
K------------------------------
^
A
MR / I know what he's thinking. 
MR 
 
Visual 
V— 
to      Auditory 
---------» A 
MR 
MR 
 
Auditory 
A ----- 
All the Mind-reading functions 
MR MR 
Lost Performative / He knows it's 
wrong. She's crazy not to see it. 
FOOTNOTES FOR PART III 
1.    In Volume I of Magic, we identified three types of semantic ill-
formedness: 
Cause-Effect        Mind-Reading Lost Performative 
This third type, Lost Performative, is exemplified by utterances such as: 
All smokers are crazy. 
It is true that money implies happiness. 
Good girls don't hit boys. 
Visual 
-►V 
to 

Fuzzy Functions / 121 
Lost Performative is the case in which the speaker assumes that his model of 
the  world  is  the  world  or,  minimally,  assumes  that  his  model  of  the  world  
should  be  everyone's  model.  This  is  essentially  a  violation  of  the  map-
territory  distinction.  As  mentioned  in  the  analysis  in  Magic  I,  this  phenom-
enon is a special case of deletion — in which the performative which carries 
the map-territory distinction has been deleted. We would also mention that, if 
the  reader  finds  it  more  satisfying,  it  is  possible  to  consider  the  Lost  
Performative semantic ill-formedness a special case of Mind Reading, in which 
the  speaker  generalizes  his  model  of  the  world,  not  only  to  the  person  to  
whom he is speaking, as in: 
You must be bored, listening to me describe my problems. 
but to the entire world as in: 
It's boring to listen to people describe their problems. 
2. Here we are listing and discussing only the two most common fuzzy 
functions which are initiated by stimuli external to the person experiencing 
the phenomenon. We have, however, encountered the other logical possi 
bilities, namely: 
(a)   When the client takes information arriving in the visual channel and 
represents  it auditorially.   For example, the client is watching a 
second person who waves his hand in a gesture which is similar to a 
gesture which  commonly  means go away,   while  simultaneously 
uttering some noise, not words. The client in this case subsequently 
claimed that she heard the man yell the words, Go away! This is an 
example of the fuzzy function see-hear. 
(b)   When the client takes information arriving in the auditory channel 
and represents it visually. For example, the client hears a second 
person who yells the words, get out of my way, at the same time 
that he throws his jacket down on the chair between them. The 
client in this case later claimed that he had thrown his jacket at her. 
This is an example of the fuzzy function hear-see. 
3.     Again, here we are listing and discussing only the two most common 
fuzzy functions associated with the semantic ill-formedness Mind Reading. 
We have also encountered the other logical possibilities, namely: 
(a)  When  the  client  takes  information  which  is  stored  visually  and  
distorts his auditory input to match the visually stored material — 
for example, people who have an image of themselves as worthless 
will tend to hear complementary remarks from others as sarcastic or 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

i PART III 
ironic; thus, see-hearing. 
(b)  When  the  client  takes  information  which  is  stored  auditorially  and  
distorts  his  visual  input  to  make  it  match.  For  example,  someone  
whom the client knows has consistently been sarcastic toward her in 
the  past.  They  are  both  standing  in  a  group  and  the  client  is  
speaking, describing a recent experience. As she tells a portion of her 
experience  which  is  amusing  —  indeed,  some  of  the  people  in  the  
group  laugh  —  she  notices  that  this  other  person  is  smiling.  She  will  
interpret  this  information  received  visually  to  be  consistent  with  her  
auditorially  stored  information  —  in  this  case,  that  he  is  smiling  
sarcastically at her present behavior, not that he is enjoying the story 
which she is telling; thus, hear-seeing. 

PART IV 
Family Therapy -
The Delicate Flower 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

 

Family Therapy / 125 
If  you  did  nothing  more  when  you  have  a  family  together  
than  to  make  it  possible  for  them  to  really  look  at  each  
other,  really  touch  each  other,  and  listen  to  each  other,  
you  would  have  already  swung  the  pendulum  in  the  direc-
tion of a new start. 
Virginia  Satir,  p.  61  of  Chapter  IV,  Intervention  
for  Congruence,  in  Helping  Families  to  Change.  
Edited  by  Tiffany,  et  al.  The  High  Plains  Compre-
hensive  Community  Mental  Health  Center,  Hays,  
Kansas. 
A flower is a marvelous piece of life; although we can plant a 
seed and assist the growth process, we humans as yet cannot create 
a  live  flower.  We  can  crossbreed,  transplant,  cultivate,  and  graft  
flowers, but we cannot create one from scratch unless it has no life 
in  it,  unless  it  is  made  only  of  paper  or  plastic.  Another  charac-
teristic of flowers and plants is that they grow best in their native 
environment,  and,  although  they  will  grow  in  another  environ-
ment,  it  takes  much  more  support  from  those  cultivating  their  
growth  for  a  flower  to  have  the  same  heartiness  and  chance  of  
reaching its full potential. But sometimes, even in a flower's native 
environment,  although  it  may  exist  for  its  full  life  cycle,  it  is  
scraggly and bears few blooms. Sometimes these wild flowers even 
become  so  constricted  that  they  choke  each  other  and  become  
sick  and  die.  Flowers  achieve  their  greatest  growth  and  fullest  
beauty  and  bear  the  sweetest  fruit  when  they  are  nurtured  with  
appropriate  resources  in  their  native  habitat  and  given  adequate  
room  to  grow.  We  believe  this  process  we  described  for  flowers  is  
also  true  for  people  in  many  ways.  The  following  chapter  on  
family  therapy  represents  this  belief.  Family  therapy  is  probably  
the  most  difficult  form  of  therapy  in  which  to  become  proficient,  
but it is also probably the most rewarding and enriching approach 
to therapy if it is performed with loving skill. 
OVERALL STRATEGY FOR 
ASSISTING FAMILIES TO CHANGE 
The techniques which are essential for family therapy are not, 
in  themselves,  different  from  those  of  individual  therapy.  They  
are,  however,  organized  in  a  different  fashion.  This  means  that,  
while  Meta-model  questions,  representational  systems,  and  polar-
ities  remain  the  key  principles,  they  are  organized  and  used  in  a  
different way. These principles are reorganized around the concept 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

U6/PART IV 
of a family as a system. To accept the family as the system unit 
for therapy is to use an overall strategy to work with the family as 
if  it  were  one  l i v i n g   organism,  each  member  being  an  essential  part  
and  resource  and,  therefore,  crucial  to  the  satisfactory  behavior  of  
the organism as a whole. Consequently, behavior of all the parts or 
members  of  the  family  organism  will  affect  all  the  members  in  the  
same  way  —  conflicting  or  not  conflicting  parts  of  one  human  
being's  model  of  the  world  will  have  an  effect  on  his  behavior  and  
ability to cope. What all this implies for family therapy is that, in 
the  same  way  that  conflicting  paramessages  produce  incongruity,  
stifling  inability  to  cope,  and  painful  hopelessness  in  one  human  
being,  so,  too,  conflicting  models  of  the  world  in  the  family  
organism  held  can  produce  chaos,  paralyzing  rules,  and,  thus,  
prevent family members from being connected with each other in 
a way which is nourishing to all of the members of the family. 
What,   then,   are   the   specific   differences   between   family   and   
individual  therapy?  Therapy  for  an  individual  has  been  described,  
basically, in the two volumes of Magic as a process using the Meta-
model  distinctions,  representational  systems,  incongruity  questions  
with a client to identify the portion of his model of the world which 
is  impoverished  in  some  way  which  prevents  h i m    from  coping,  
having  choices,  and  getting  what  he  wants  from  life.  Once  this  is  
done,  the  client's  behavior  will  make  sense,  given  the  I  premises  
from which he has constructed his representations. The therapist then 
has many choices about how to proceed. In Magic I we  said  that  no  
person is bad, sick or crazy, no matter how bizarre his behavior might 
at first appear. Similarly, in family therapy we see no member as the 
cause of the problems in coping, nor do we label any member or any 
part of any member as bad, sick or crazy. We begin with the premise 
that  the  system  (family  organism  as  a  whole)  has  some  portion  of  its  
shared  model  of  the  world  impoverished  in  a  way  that  prevents  the  
processes going on in that system from being nourishing. 
One  of  the  most  dramatic  ways  in  which  therapy  will  differ  in  
these  two  contexts  is  that  the  patterns  of  behavior  which  at  first  
appear  quite  bizarre  to  the  therapist  in  the  context  of  individual  
therapy  will  make  much  more  sense  when  that  individual  is  seen  
and heard in the context of family therapy. The family, itself, is 
one  of  the  most  important  contexts  to  which  the  individual  must  
adapt  himself,  and,  thus,  the  patterns  which  strike  the  therapist  as  
peculiar  when  seen  and  heard  without  the  other  family  members  
being  present  will  be  more  understandable  in  the  context  of  the  
family's  patterns.  In  other  words,  the  therapist  has  immediately  
available before him the individual's most important context — the 

Family Therapy / 127 
one  which  more  than  any  ocher  context  has  contributed  to  his  
generalizations  about  life  —  his  model  of  the  world.  This,  of  
course,  has  a  profound  effect  on  the  therapist's  choice  of  thera-
peutic  techniques.  Take  the  technique  of  enactment,  for  example.  
One  of  the  values  of  an  enactment  technique  is  that  it  allows  the  
therapist to see and to hear for himself the way in which the client 
models  his  experience.  By  having  the  client  re-live  an  experience  
from  the  past  and  then  comparing  the  client's ability  to  make  
sense out of it with the therapist's ability to make sense out of it, 
the  therapist  has  an  excellent  example  of  the  kind  of  modeling  
processes  which  the  client  typically  employs  in  constructing  his  
model  of  his  experience.  By  using  an  enactment  technique  in  
individual  therapy,  the  therapist  has  the  opportunity  to  identify  
the  specific  ways  in  which  the  client  uses  the  three  universals  of  
human  modeling  to  cope  or  to  fail  to  cope.  The  therapist  using  
this  technique  might,  for  example,  discover  that  the  client  sys-
tematically fails to hear what the other people in the enactment 
are  presenting  auditorially  —  what  they  are  saying  to  him.  In  the  
context  of  family  therapy,  however,  there  is  no  need  for  the  
therapist to rely on a re-creation of some scene from the past as 
the communication process unfolding before him is the real thing 
—  the  process  which  forms  the  basis  for  the  client's  modeling.  By  
carefully attending to the communication process — the presence 
or  absence  of  incongruity  in  the  communications  among  family  
members, or the systematic avoidance or deletion of certain types 
of  messages  —  and  by  questioning  the  family  members  about  what  
they  are  most  aware  of,  the  therapist  can  identify  the  deletions,  
distortions,  and  generalizations  which  are  preventing  the  family  
members  from  achieving  together  the  experiences  which  they  
want. 
The  second  way  in  which  family  therapy  is  dramatically  differ-
ent  from  individual  therapy  is  that,  in  individual  therapy,  the  
individual,  no  matter  how  incongruent  or  split  he  may  be,  no  
matter  how  many  parts  he  may  be  expressing,  no  matter  how  
conflicting  these  different  parts  are,  occupies  the  same  body.  In  
family  therapy,  a  number  of  individuals  who  occupy  different  
bodies  are  involved;  consequently,  there  is  the  possibility  that  the  
therapist's  interventions  may  change  the  family  system  in  some  
way which will lead to the family members' deciding to dissolve 
the family as an organism. For the remainder of this discussion, we 
make  the  assumption  that  the  breaking  up  of  a  family  is  the  least  
acceptable outcome for the family therapist. There is no parallel in 
individual therapy. 
The assumption that the breaking up of the family is the least 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

128 I PARTIV 
acceptable outcome in family therapy places certain constraints on 
the  therapist.  First  of  all,  we  recommend  that  the  therapist  
determine as one of the very first items of business with the family  
exactly  what  goal  they  have  for  themselves.  This  will  allow  the  
therapist to decide whether he is willing to attempt to work with 
the  family  toward  those  goals  within  the  constraints  of  family  
therapy.  The  therapist  may,  for  example,  decide  that  he  is  un-
willing  to  accept  the  constraints  of  family  therapy  but  offer  to  
work with individual members in individual therapy.
1
Now, given the assumption that the breaking up of the family 
system is the least acceptable outcome, how, specifically, does the 
therapist behave differently in the context of family therapy when 
compared  to  individual  therapy?  In  our  experience,  in  every  
family  or  couple  we  have  encountered,  we  have  identified  the  
particular  form  of  semantic  ill-formedness  called  Cause-Effect  
semantic ill-formedness — the situation in which one member of 
the  family  is  represented  as  causing  another  family  member  to  
experience some feeling or emotion. For example, statements such 
as: 
. . . My husband makes me feel wonderful whenever he looks 
at me that way. or 
. . . She disappoints me greatly when she doesn 't listen to 
me. 
In each case, the speaker of these sentences is accepting a represen-
tation  of  his  experience  in  which  his  feelings  are  determined  or  
caused  by  the  actions  of  another.  The  linguistic  representation  of  
Cause-Effect  semantic  ill-formedness  translates,  when  mapped  into  
the  world  of  the  speaker's  experience,  into  specific  hear-feel  and  
see-feel circuits — the subject of Part 111 of this volume. Thus, one 
of  the  most  common  ways  in  which  people  maintain  couple  and  
family  relationships  is  in  maintaining  a  set  of  positive  highly  
valued fuzzy functions. Since the constraint in family therapy is to 
maintain the family as an organism, for the therapist to challenge 
the  Cause-Effect  semantic  ill-formedness  or  the  fuzzy  functions  
which  are  its  basis  is  to  attack  the  very  foundations  of  the  family  
system.  This  is  the  major  way  in  which  family  and  individual  
therapy  differ.  In  indivudal  therapy,  there  is  a  positive  value  in  
challenging  any  and  all  expressions  of  Cause-Effect  semantic  ill-
formedness,  while,  in  family  therapy,  the  therapist  must  make  
conscious  decisions  about  the  outcome  of  challenging  Cause-Effect  
semantic ill-formedness in terms of maintaining the family struc- 

Family Therapy / 129 
ture.  The  sensitivity  which  the  therapist  shows  in  selecting  the  
particular Cause-Effect relations with which he will deal explicitly 
is much of the art of fast, effective family therapy. Later in this 
part of the book we will present general guidelines for the way the 
therapist  can  make  effective  decisions  about  which  forms  of  
Cause-Effect semantic ill-formedness he may usefully challenge. 
Within the differences peculiar to family therapy, the therapist 
employs  a  familiar  three-step  process  to  assist  the  family  in  the  
process  of  change  and  growth:  (1)  Identification  of  both  what  the  
family wants for itself as a unit and what its present resources are; 
(2) The evolving of the family system from its present state to the 
desired  state;  and  (3)  The  integration  of  the  new  choices  and  
patterns  of  interaction  created  by  the  family  and  therapist  in  the  
work  sessions.  These  three  steps  parallel  the  three  steps  in  incon-
gruity  work  called  Identifying  Incongruities,  Sorting  Incongruities  
into  Polarities,  and  Integrating  Incongruities.  As  we  more  fully  
develop the principles of family therapy, the parallels will become 
even more obvious. 
IDENTIFICATION OF PRESENT STATE AND DESIRED 
STATE FOR THE FAMILY 
As  in  any  form  of  therapy,  the  therapist,  himself,  serves  as  a  
model for communication. In beginning therapy with a family, we 
have  found  it  particularly  useful  to  be  very  direct  about  what  the  
goals of the therapy will be. Specifically, we have found it useful 
to ask each of the family members directly to state what he wants 
from the therapeutic session. This may be accomplished by asking 
any of the following questions: 
What  are  your  hopes for  yourself and  your family  in 
therapy? How, specifically, would you like you and 
your family to 
change? 
What do you want for yourself and your family? If you 
could change yourself and your family in any way 
you want, what changes would you make? How would 
you and your family be different if you all 
changed in the very best of ways from this experience? 
The  answer  which  the  therapist  receives  to  such  questions  will,  of  
course,  be  in  the  form  of  a  Surface  Structure  of  English  —  a  
Surface   Structure   which   is  subject  to  all   the   well-formed-in- 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

130/PARTIV 
therapy  conditions.  In  addition,  as  each  of  the  family  members  
reply,  he  will  unconsciously  select  predicates  which  will  reveal  to  
the  attentive  therapist  what  his  representational  systems  are.  The  
Meta-model distinctions apply here and provide the therapist with 
a  way  of  effectively  beginning  the  process  of  communicating  
clearly  with  each  of  the  family  members  while  simultaneously  
clarifying  both  for  himself  and  the  family  members  the  agreed-
upon goals of the therapeutic work. The outcome of this process is 
some mutually agreed upon set of therapuetic goals. This identifies 
the state of living which the family wishes to achieve for itself. 
At the same time that the therapist is working with the family 
to clarify the therapeutic goals, he is watching and listening to the 
various family members express themselves: their hopes, fears, and 
needs  as  they  perceive  them.  We  have  found  it  very  useful  as  a  
natural  and  integral  part  of  the  process  to  ask  different  family  
members  to  report  their  experiences  of  this  ongoing  process.  By  
requesting this behavior and attending closely to the response of 
the  family  members,  we  learn  a  great  deal  about  the  modeling  
principles  which  they  use  to  construct  the  model  for  their  experi-
ence.  We  quote  several  brief  excerpts  from  beginning  family  
therapy sessions by way of example: 
Therapist: And  you,  Betty,  as  the  wife  and  mother  in  this  
family,  what  are  your  hopes  for  yourself  and  your  family?  
What changes would you like to make? 
Betty: Well,  I  see  so  much  resentment  and  bitterness  in  the  
family  ...  I  never  have  a  chance  to  relax;  just  look  at  my  
husband, sitting there ignoring me just like he always does. 
Therapist: How  do  you  know  that  Jim,  your  husband,  is  
ignoring you, Betty? 
Betty: What  do  you  mean,  "How  do  I  know  he's  ignoring  
me?"  —  anyone  can  clearly  see  that  he  is.  ...  He  hasn't  
looked  at  me  once  the  whole  time  I've  been  talking.  I  
don't even .. . 
Notice  that  in  these  few  lines  the  therapist  can  already  identify  a  
number  of  important  patterns.  Betty  uses  primarily  visual  predi-
cates (see,  look,  see,  clearly,  looked),  universal  quantifiers  (never, 
always, anyone, not once, whole time) and visual input as the basis 
of  mind  reading  (complex  equivalence:  He's  ignoring  me  = He 
hasn't looked at me once). Betty's use of both visual predicates 
and universal quantifiers (syntactic correlate of Satir Category 2 — 
blaming) fits a common pattern which we discussed in Part II of 
this volume — specifically, the congruence of a blamer and the use 

Family Therapy / 131 
of visual predicates. 
Therapist:   Hold   it,  Betty  (interrupting).   Jim,  I'm  curious 
about something. Were you ignoring Betty just now? Jim: 
No, I heard what she said. Therapist: Tell me, Jim, what was 
your experience when you 
heard her say what she said? Jim: Well, she tells me a lot 
that I'm not much good, so I'm 
kinda used to it, you know. ... I just. .. Therapist:   Wait  
a  minute,   Jim,  what  did   you   hear Betty 
actually say? Jim: Well, I . . . uh, well, I don't exactly 
remember the words 
that she used, but she sounded real mad — you know, I've 
heard her sound that way lots of times before, I get the 
message . . . 
The  attentive  therapist  can  extract  another  pattern  from  the  
few additional lines. Note that Jim uses a large number of auditory 
predicates (heard,  said,  tells,  words,  sounded,  sound)  yet  he  is  
unable  to  recall  the  words  —  apparently,  he  is  responding  to  the  
tonality  of  Betty's  communication.  Furthermore,  his  communica-
tion  verifies  that  the  exchange  —  Betty's  blame  —  is  a  pattern  
which  he  knows  well.  Notice  that  he  also  uses  complex  equiva-
lence (She  sounded  real  mad  =  She  tells  me  that  I'm  not  much  
good) as the basis for mind reading. One of the recurrent patterns 
which  distinguishes  families  which  are  relatively  open  to  change  
and growth from those which are relatively closed is the degree to 
which  the  family  members  use  feedback  as  opposed  to  calibration  
(see  Bateson,  p.  9  in  Jackson,  Vol.  2)  in  their  communication  with  
one another. In other words, if each time Jim hears an angry tone 
of voice from Betty, he "knows" that she is telling him that he is 
not much good, or if each time that Betty sees Jim not looking at 
her when she is speaking she "knows" that he is ignoring her, each 
of  these  family  members  is  relatively  calibrated  to  each  other's  
communications  —  they  have  no  well-developed  channels  for  
getting  or  asking  for  feedback.  That  is,  rather  than  asking  Jim  
whether he is paying attention and whether he wants to respond 
to  her  (asking  for  feedback),  Betty  makes  the  mind-reading  
assumption  that,  since  he  is  not  looking  at  her,  he  is  ignoring  her.  
Typically,  even  after  Jim  states  that  he  was  paying  attention  to  
her,  Betty  will  deny  it  —  she  is  calibrated  on  the  partial  analogue  
communication  from  Jim  —  whether  he  is  looking  at  her,  a  
calibration  that  not  even  his  further  claim  will  affect.  Betty  and  
Jim have a set of habits which constitute calibrated communica- 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

\32I PART IV 
tion and thus allows little room for change. 
Joan: I want to answer but feel afraid, I ... 
Therapist: Afraid of what? 
Joan: Well, I ... I don't know whether I ought to talk about 
this .. . Mom always ... 
Joyce: (Interrupting)  Of  course,  dear;  please  express  yourself  
freely  (spoken  with  a  harsh,  shrill  voice,  left  arm  extended  
with finger pointing at her daughter, Joan). 
Joan: I think I'll just wait ... I don't  feel  comfortable  right  
now. 
Therapist: Max  (turning  to  the  father),  what  did  you  experi-
ence just now during the exchange between your daughter 
and your wife? 
Max: Yeah, well, I just don't understand what you want from 
us,  Joan;  you  start  to  say  something,  your  mother  encour-
ages  you  and  then  you  stop  —  you  always  frustrate  us  that  
way. 
Here, in this exchange, the therapist, by asking the father/husband 
to present his experience of the communication between his wife 
and  his  daughter,  learns  that  for  him  (Max)  the  communication  
which  his  wife  presented  (analogue  blaming  with  verbally  incon-
gruent  message)  to  his  daughter  is  represented  only  by  the  verbal  
portion.  In  fact,  he  blames  Joan,  the  daughter  (you  always  frus-
trate  us  that  way),  for  responding  to  the  analogue  portions  of  the  
messages  with  which  her  mother  presented  her.  The  use  of  the  
plural  pronouns  (us,  us)  shows  the  therapist  the  way  the  father  
perceives  and  represents  the  alignment  of  people  in  the  family  
system. 
These  types  of  examples  could  be  numerous  —  the  point,  
however, is simply that, during this initial stage of family therapy, 
the therapist is acting to both come to understand the state that 
the family wants to achieve and the state in which they presently 
are  living.  The  larger  patterns  of  communication  among  family  
members  can  be  usefully  organized  along  the  following  
dimensions: 
a.    The representational system of each family member; 
b.   The Satir category of each family member; 
c.   The recurrent patterns of communication incongruity of 
each family member; 
d.   The  primary   input channel for getting information for 
each family member; 

Family Therapy /133 
e.    The primary output channels for expressing themselves for 
each family member; 
f.    The kind and extent of semantic ill-formedness for each 
family member. 
As  we  have  discussed  in  detail  in  the  previous  sections,  these  
pieces  of  information  will  yield  enough  information  to  allow  the  
therapist a coherent understanding of the present state of each of 
the  family  members.  We  turn  now  to  the  way  in  which  these  
patterns fit together to make up the family system. 
Basic  to  any  discussion  of  the  description  of  the  family  as  a  
system  is  an  understanding  of  the  process  by  which  people  first  
come  together  to  form  couples  and  families.  We  call  this  the  
Pairing Principle. 
THE PAIRING PRINCIPLE 
What we have noticed time and time again is that the distribu-
tion of representational systems and Satir categories in family 
systems and in polarities is the same. Specifically, in Part II of this 
volume,  we  pointed out that the most frequent and effective 
incongruity-into-polarity sorting was a sorting which resulted in 
two polarities: one, a visual/Satir category 2 and the other, a 
kinesthetic/Satir category 1. Parallelly, in the context of couples 
and family systems work, the most frequent distribution of repre-
sentational systems and Satir categories is one in which one of the 
parenting family members is a visual/Satir category 2 and the 
other, a kinesthetic/Satir category 1. For the moment, we restrict 
ourselves to a discussion of the minimum family system — the 
couple. This particular pattern of distribution of representational 
systems   and   Satir  categories  makes  sense  to   us.   Specifically, 
consider the Meta-tactic for incongruity work of playing polarity. 
A therapist wishes to elicit the weaker of two polarities to assist 
the client in fully expressing that polarity as a step on the way to 
integration. We designate the two polarities by the symbols P! and 
P
2
.   Suppose,   now, that the polarity symbolized  by ?
y
   is the 
stronger of the two polarities. In order to elicit the weaker of the 
two polarities, P
2
, the therapist plays, not the weaker one, but P,, 
the stronger of the two — the one that the client is presently 
displaying. When the therapist plays P
x
 more forcefully than the 
client, the result is that the client flips polarities, playing P
2
. In 
fact, as we mentioned  in that section, if the therapist fails to 
observe polarity principle and attempts to convince the client, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

U4/PART/V 
offer advice, in such a way that the client perceives the therapist as 
playing  the  weaker  polarity,  the  client  is  locked  into  playing  the  
opposite  polarity,  and,  typically,  never  takes  responsibility  for  the  
other  polarity,  never  expresses  it  fully  and  is,  therefore,  unable  to  
integrate it. 
Consider now the polarity principle in the context* of pairing 
and  the  formations  of  stable  couple  relations.  Off  goes  some  
hypothetical  male;  let's  call  him  Sam.  Sam  has  the  standard,  
frequently  occurring  incongruity  of  having  two  models  of  the  
world  which  conflict  in  some  areas  of  his  behavior  but  not  so  
much that he is immobilized — one of these models is kinesthetic 
and  placating  (Satir  1)  —  call  it  Sj  —  and  the  other  is  visual  and  
blaming  (Satir  2)  —  call  it  S
2
.  Sam's  most  highly  developed  
polarity  is  S
t
.   One  day,  Sam  runs  into  (being  a  kinesthetic)  a  
woman  named  Louise.  Louise  also  has  the  most  frequent  polarity  
split — one polarity, the stronger, is visual and blaming — call it Lj 
—  while  her  other  polarity  is  kinesthetic  and  placating,  call  it  L
2
. 
When these two well-meaning people come into contact, we have 
the following situation: 
Louise                                         Sam 
L,  (visual/blaming) S
t
  (kinesthetic/placating) 
L
2
 (kinesthetic/placating)        S
2
 (visual/blaming) 
Specifically,  when  these  two  people  make  contact,  they  perceive  
one another's most dominant polarity as follows: 
Louise                                       Sam' 
L,  (visual/blaming) Sj   (kinesthetic/placating) 
By  the  polarity  principle,  we  can  predict  the  outcome  of  this  
encounter — that is, each of the people is perceived by the other as 
playing his partner's weaker polarity: 
L, = S
2 
and 
L
2
 = S, 
Translating  this  visual  representation  into  words,  we  observe  
that,  since  each  of  the  people  is  playing  the  other's  weaker  
polarity, we have the situation in which the therapist fails to take 
the  polarity  principle  into  account,  inadvertently  playing  the  
client's  weaker  polarity.  The  client  thereby  gets  stuck  in  the  
dominant polarity, fails to fully express his weaker polarity fully 

Family Therapy / 135 
and  therefore  does  not  integrate.  In  fact,  the  client  comes  to  
depend  upon  the  therapist  to  continue  to  play  his  weaker  polar-
ity.
2
  In  the  context  of  a  couple  relationship,  the  result  is  a  highly  
stable  system  —  each  member  of  the  system  depending  upon  the  
other  to  continue  to  play  his  less  fully  expressed  polarity.  We  are  
not  suggesting  that  the  polarity  principle  is  the  only principle  by  
which  individuals  come  together  and  form  lasting  relationships,  
simply  that  this  principle  accounts  for  much  of  our  experience  in  
couple and family work. Let's carry the hypothetical example a 
bit  further.  Suppose,  all  other  things  being  equal,  that  Louise  and  
Sam  find  each  other  attractive,  and  they  decide  to  have  a  tradi-
tional family. They have a child; we'll call him Jim. As Jim grows 
up,  he  sees  and  hears  his  parents  and,  as  with  most  children,  
adopts them as models for his own growth. Jim, however, is faced 
with  a  problem.  His  parents  conflict  in  certain  ways  —  they  have  
models  for  their  own  behavior  which  are  inconsistent  with  one  
another:  one  being  visual  and  blaming  and  the  other  being  kines-
thetic  and  placating.  Watching  and  listening  to  his  parents  handle  
stress  and  cope  with  life's  demands  provides  Jim  with  many  
choices about his own model of the world (albeit, unconsciously) 
—  unfortunately  inconsistent  with  one  another.  How,  then,  will  
young Jim solve this problem? We can hardly expect him to accept 
the models displayed by both of his parents and integrate them — 
his  parents  with  the  presumed  advantages  of  age  and  education  
failed to accomplish this for themselves. The most likely outcome 
is  that  Jim  will  "identify"  more  strongly  with  one  of  his  parents  
than with the other and adopt that parent's model of the world as 
his  dominant  or  more  fully  expressed  polarity.  Of  course,  Jim,  
being the loving son that he is, will want to indicate in some way 
that he also loves and respects his other parent. He may show this, 
of course, by adopting his other parent's model of the world as a 
less fully expressed conflicting polarity. 
Louise                                         Sam 
Lj (visual and blaming)        S
t
 (kinesthetic and placating) 
Jim 
\
x
   (kinesthetic and placating) 
J
2
   (visual and blaming) 
Now  all  we  need  do  is  to  construct  another  family  with  a  
daughter named Marie, whose parents have the same polarity game 
going in which Marie selects as follows: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

we I PART iv 
Marie 
M,    (visual and blaming) 
M
2
    (kinesthetic and placating) 
and we have the proper basis for a new cycle of polarity pairing. 
There  are  other  possible  outcomes  to  these  patterns.  For  
example, if the original couple, Louise and Sam, each have polar-
ities  which  are  relatively  balanced  —  that  is,  nearly  equally  well  
expressed, then they will likely engage in what Satir has called the 
Yo-Yo game. When Louise, for example, is expressing her polarity 
L
x
 (visual  and  blaming),  Sam  expresses  his  primary  S,  (kinesthetic  
and placating). Suppose, now, that Louise flips strongly over to 
her  secondary  polarity  L
2
  (kinesthetic  and  placating).  We  then  
have the following situation: 
Louise Sam 
L
2
 (kinesthetic and placating)   S
2
 (kinesthetic and placating) 
By the polarity principle, Louise has just performed a maneu-
ver which in the context of therapy is a Meta-tactic — namely, she 
is  playing  Sam's  polarity.  If  she  is  congruent  enough  in  her  flip,  
then  it  follows,  by  the  polarity  principle,  that  Sam  will  flip  to  his  
secondary polarity, stabilizing the system. We then have: 
Louise Sam 
L
2
 (kinesthetic and placating)   S
2
 (visual and blaming) 
In  our  experience  this  Yo-Yo  pattern  will  vary  from  family  to  
family so that a single, complete cycle (in this case, both Louise 
and  Sam  return  to  their  primary  polarities)  can  take  from  30  
seconds,  to  months,  to  even  years.  Satir  has  termed  this  type  of  
polarity  flip  one  of  the  possible  movements  in  a family  stress  
"ballet."  People  caught  in  such  movements  rarely  have  any  
consciousness of the regularity of their behavior. 
Consider,  now,  the  outcome  of  this  type  of  experience  on  
young Jim — assuming, of course, that Louise and Sam stabilize 
the  ballet  sufficiently  to  have  children.  In  this  case,  young  Jim's  
experience is somewhat more bewildering, and the choice he must 
make  to  love  and  respect  each  of  his  parents  is  less  clear.  One  
particularly unfortunate choice for young Jim would be to mix his 
polarities so that he is maximally incongruent at all times. 

Family Therapy / 137 
Louise                                                     Sam                                                     
L, (visual and blaming) Sj (kinesthetic and placating) 
L
2
 {kinesthetic and placating)         S
2
 (visual and blaming) 
Jim 
J, (visual and placating) j
2
 
(kinesthetic and blaming) 
Notice,  in  particular,  Jim's  minor  polarity  —  J
2
  (Kinesthetic  and  
blaming) — the reader will recognize this combination as a portion 
of  the  description  of  Martha,  the  woman  who  found  herself  an  
uncontrollable   child-beater,   in   the   last   part   of   this   volume.   
Furthermore,  since  Jim  is  consistently  incongruent  in  his  commu-
nication, others will respond to him in a similar fashion, and he is 
likely to find the world a really peculiar experience. 
Another  frequent  response  which  children  make  to  the  task  
that  confronts  Jim  is  to  decide  that  one  input  channel  carries  the  
true information about the world and the people in it. Jim might, 
for  example,  decide  that,  when  he  is  faced  with  the  task  of  
determining  how  to  respond  to  one  of  his  parents  who  is  in  a  
transition from one polarity to another and, therefore, expressing 
both  polarities  at  once  (say,  visual  and  blaming  analogically  with  
body  movements  and  gestures,  and  kinesthetically  and  placating  
verbally),  he  will  accept  and  respond  only  to  messages  which  he  
(Jim)  receives  visually.  He,  thereby,  begins  the  process  of  shutting  
down  one  of  his  primary  input  channels  ~  one  of  the  ways  in  
which  he  can  contact  the  world  and  other  people  —  an  irreparable  
loss.  Bateson  and  his  colleagues  (1972)  have  dealt  with  a  special  
case of the kind of choice with which young Jim in our example is 
faced  —  the  case  in  which  the  child  makes  the  best  choice  in  his  
model  at  the  point  in  time  when  he  must  make  a  choice  to  
continue  to  survive  —  schizophrenia.  Apparently,  schizophrenia  is  
likely  as  a  choice  for  children  and  young  adults  who  are  consist-
ently  confronted  with  maximally  incongruent  communication  —  
the  kind,  for  example,  with  which  Jim's  children  would  be  con-
fronted  if  Jim  made  this  last  selection  and  found  a  mate  who  
exhibited the same ill-formed polarities. 
It follows from the above discussion that the family members 
—  especially  the parenting members — will  display the same 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

]38/PART/V 
tendencies  for  non-overlapping  representational  systems  and  non-
overlapping Satir categories which we discussed in detail in Part II 
—  Incongruency.  Both  experienced  and  beginning  therapists  will  
find this a powerful organizing principle in their work with family 
systems. Thus, one of the higher level patterns which the informa-
tion  listed  previously  will  consistently  take  is  that  of  maximal  
separation of representational systems and Satir categories. 
A second higher level pattern which we have detected again 
and again in family systems work is the kind of relationship which 
occurs  between  the  acceptable  output  channels  or  modes  of  
expression for family members and the input channels or modes of 
getting  information  which  they  typically  use.  One  way  of  under-
standing how this works comes from a consideration of the kinds 
of  experiences  that  families  expect  to  get  from  each  other  in  the  
family system. In the initial stages of family therapy, when asking 
the  family  members  what  it  is  that  each  of  them  hopes  for  or  
wants  from  the  therapy,  the  responses  are  usually  a  number  of  
nominalizations;  for  example,  recognition,  affection,  warmth,  
love,   support,   freedom,   encouragement,   etc.   Each   of   these   
nominalizations  is  subject  to  the  Meta-model  challenges.  The  
resulting  de-nominalizations  usually  involve  a  mismatch  of  input/  
output  channels  among  the  family  members  who  are  dissatisfied  
with what they are receiving at present. We excerpt a section from 
the early part of a family therapy session: 
Therapist: Well, George (a ten-year-old boy), I've heard from 
all of the family members except you — tell me, what do 
you want? 
George: I want respect. Matt: (The father in the family) 
(Smiling broadly) Yes, that I 
believe. George:   (Explosively)  SEE!!  That's just what  
I'm  talking 
about  —   I   don't  get  any  respect from anyone in  this 
family. Therapist: Wait, George; you sound real angry to 
me. Can you 
tell me what just happened with you? George: I ... I ... 
oh, never mind; you wouldn't understand 
anyway. Therapist: Perhaps not, but try me — did the 
way you just 
responded   have  something to  do with something your 
father did? George: Yeah, I ask for respect and HE 
(pointing at his father, 
Matt) just laughs right out loud, making fun of me. 
Matt: That's not true, I didn't. . . 

Family Therapy /139 
Therapist: Be  quiet  for  a  moment,  Matt.  (Turning  to  George)  
George, tell exactly what happened with you just then. 
George: I asked for respect and my father started making fun 
of me — just the opposite. 
Therapist: George,  tell  me  something  —  how,  specifically,  
would you know that your father was respecting you? 
George: He wouldn't laugh at me — he would watch me when 
I say things and be serious about it. 
Therapist: George,  I  want  to  tell  you  something  I  noticed  and  
something  that  I  can  see  right  now.  Look  at  your  father's  
face. 
George: Yeah, so what? 
Therapist: Well, does he look serious to you — does he look 
like  he's  taking  you  seriously  right  now  —  like  he,  maybe,  
respects you for what you're saying and doing right now? 
George: Yeah, you know, he does look like he is. 
Therapist: Ask him, George. 
George: What? . . . ask him ... Dad, do you respect me? Are 
you taking me seriously? 
Matt: Yes,  son  .  ..  (softly)  ...  I'm  taking  you  seriously  right  
now. I respect what you're doing. 
George: (Crying softly) I really believe that you do, Dad. 
Therapist: I have a hunch right now that Matt has more to say, 
George;  will  you  take  him  (indicating  Matt)  seriously  and  
listen to him? 
George: Sure ... 
Matt: Yeah ... I guess I do have something to say. A minute 
or  so  ago  when  you  first  said  that  you  wanted  respect,  
George, I smiled and said, "Yes, that I believe" but I guess 
you  only  saw  the  smile  and  didn't  hear  what  I  said  (crying  
quietly),  and  then,  when  you  became  so  angry,  I  suddenly  
remembered  how  I  never  believed  my  father  respected  me,  
and  I'm  grateful  (turning  to  the  therapist)  that  you  helped  
me straighten this out with George. 
Therapist: That's right — a message that's not received the way 
you  intended  it  is  no  message  at  all.  Matt,  is  there  some  
other way that you can show George that you care for him 
besides telling him that you respect him? 
Matt: Huh  .  .  .  some  other  way  besides  telling  him  ...  I  don't  
know . . . 
Therapist: I have another hunch — that, maybe, there's a rule 
in this family, maybe a rule that you, Matt, learned in your 
father's family, that the men in the family don't touch one 
another to show their affection and love. Do you catch 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

]40/PARTIV 
what I mean, Matt? Matt: .. . Wow . . .   I guess . . .   I 
really connected on that 
one.. . Therapist: Well, maybe it's time for you to try to 
connect in a 
new way with your son. Matt:  (Moving slowly  and  
awkwardly  at first,  then  more 
smoothly, quickly crosses over to George and holds h i m 
close.) 
In the transcript, we read of the therapist's working first with 
a  family  member,  George,  who  receives  and  acknowledges  only  
part of his father's communication — the smile — and is unaware 
of  the  rest  —  the  phrase  Yes,  that  I  believe.  Apparently,  at  that  
moment  in  time,  George  has  only  his  visual  input  system  oper-
ating.  The  therapist  assists  George  in  de-nominalizing  the  nominali-
zation respect by  specifying  how  he  would  know  that  his  father  
respected  him.  Consistent  with  what  just  occurred,  George  
specifies  the  process  as  one  in  which  he  (George)  would  get  visual  
input (he would watch me when I. . . ). The therapist now moves 
to  expand  the  possible  ways  for  George  to  get  that  feedback  —  and  
does  this  by  making  George  an  active  participant  in  the  process  of  
communication  by  having  h i m   ask  his  father  for  a  verbal  reply.  
This opens up a new output channel as well as a new input channel 
for  George  (auditory-verbal).  Finally,  the  therapist  goes  after  one  
of  the  rules  which  limits  some  of  the  family  members'  ability  to  
communicate  which  he  has  noticed  in  the  family.  Consequently,  
Matt  and  George  learn  a  new  way  of  expressing  themselves,  
thereby  opening  up  new  input  and  output  channels  in  which  they  
can make contact. 
One  very  useful  way  that  we  have  found  of  organizing  our  
experience  in  family  therapy  is  to  consider  rules  as  limitations  
imposed  by  the  family  system  members  upon  themselves  and  upon  
each  other.  If  one  family  member  states  that  she  needs  more  
attention  than  she  is  getting  from  some  other  specific  family  
member,  then,  typically,  a  de-nominalization  of  attention will 
reveal that the input channels which she is using to detect atten-
tion  are  not  capable  of  detecting  the  messages  in  the  output  
system  which  the  other  family  member  is  using  to  try  to  commu-
nicate  that  attention.  For  example,  the  second  family  member  
may  be  giving  the  first  family  member  his  attention by  listening  
intently to the first member's speech but, at the same time, failing 
to  make  eye  contact.  The  first  family  member  doesn't  consider  
herself  to  be  receiving  attention unless  she  has  full  eye  contact  
with the person to whom she is talking. The channels do not 

Family Therapy /141 
overlap, and the family members end up in pain. 
When considered this way, many family rules are restrictions 
on  the  input  and  output  channels  which  may  be  used  to  express  
certain categories of messages. This is a particularly limiting type 
of  deletion  —  the  removal  of  an  entire  channel  as  a  means  of  
expression  or  as  a  means  of  making  contact.  We  have  usually  
found  that  at  the  base  of  these  channel  restrictions  are  certain  
fuzzy functions — for example, referring back to Matt and George, 
it  is  commonly  a  negative see-feel  experience  for  many  males  to  
see  males  making  close  physical  contact.  Another  common  fuzzy  
function  which  occurs  in  many  families  is  the  hear-feel  circuits  of  
auditorially expressing anger by yelling or shouting. Many people 
are  amazed  to  find  that  they  can  shout  and  yell,  expressing  their  
anger  in  this  physically  non-destructive  way,  without  any  of  their  
family members dying or refusing to ever speak to them again. 
During this first phase of family therapy, the therapist is alert 
to identify two things: 
(1)  The  goals  (the desired state) that the family wants to 
achieve; 
(2)  The present state of the family. 
The therapist can precisely determine the first of these by the use 
of  the  Meta-model.  Simultaneously  unfolding  before  his  ears  and  
eyes  is  a  prime  example  of  the  family  system  in  process  as  the  
family  attempts  to  determine  what  its  goals  will  be.  Here  all  the  
skills which make therapy such a demanding and rewarding experi-
ence  must  be  used  by  the  therapist  to  understand  the  present  
capabilities  and  resources  as  well  as  the  blocks  to,achieving  the  
desired state in that family system. The therapist's refined ability 
to   detect   patterns   of   congruity   and   incongruity,   to   identify   
representational  systems,  his  understanding  of  the  function  of  
both  positive  and  negative  Cause-Effect  semantic  ill-formedness  
(and  the  fuzzy  functions  which  are  the  neurological  basis)  are  all  
necessary  for  an  adequate  assessment  of  the  family  system  and  the  
steps  necessary  for  change.  Especially  important  are  the  higher  
level  patterns  of  the  polarity  principle  as  the  primary  pairing  
principle and the translation of rules into restrictions on input and 
output  channels  of  expressing  certain  classes  of  messages  in  the  
family system.
3
In coming to understand these patterns of family interaction, 
the therapist makes a comparison between the present state of the 
system  and  the  desired  state.  Here  a  clear  understanding  of  the  
difference and which family rules, representational systems restric- 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

\42 I PART IV 
tion  following  from  the  pairing  principle,  and  especially  which  
Cause-Effect  semantic  ill-formedness  (fuzzy  function  circuits)  
must be changed in order to help the family to change to achieve 
the  desired  state  will  allow  the  therapist  to  act  decisively  to  
accelerate the process of change. 
EVOLVING THE SYSTEM 
Once  the  patterns  of  family  interaction  (rules)  have  been  
identified  and  compared  with  desired  family  reference  structure  
(wants),  the  family  therapist  then  is  ready  to  begin  the  second  
phase  of  a  family  therapy  session,  i.e.,  evolving  the  system  so  the  
rules  will  not  interfere  with  the  needs  of  the  individual  members.  
Closed  systems  are  created  by  people  who  are  making  the  best  
choices  in  their  model  of  the  world,  people  who  are  using  the  
processes  of  human  modeling  in  the  best  way  they  know  how.  
But,  unfortunately,  they  are  mistaking  the  map  for  the  territory,  
and  the  result  is  representations  which  result  in  rules  about  how  
each  member  of  the  family  system  should  act  (output  channels),  
think (representational systems) and of what they should be aware 
(input channels). The gap between the wants and needs of the family 
members  and  the  family  patterns  and  rules  is  the  result  of  the  
modeling processes of the family members. For family therapy to 
be  effective,  some  change  in  the  way  family  members  model  
(create  representations),  as  well  as  the  rules  themselves,  must  take  
place.  The  necessary  ingredients  for  this  change  have  already  been  
presented in Magic I and the preceding parts of Magic II. However, 
in Family therapy they must be used in a delicate and special way 
or the family system will not survive as a system. No one member 
of the family can be left behind with the old set of rules, and no 
one  member  can  be  outside  the  rules.  The  result  of  alienating  a  
family  member  in  either  of  two  ways  will  result  in  a  split  in  the  
system  (divorce,  separation,  open  hostility,  or  worse).  The  family  
therapist must tread this tightrope with the utmost care. However, 
some simple principles will be provided to make this an easier task. 
The  overall  strategy  of  evolving  a  family  system  is  to  use  the  three  
processes  of  human  modeling  in  such  a  way  that  the  limits  of  the  
family system are expanded. 
(1)  Again  restoring  deleted  material  will  be  a  necessary  step.  
Meta-modeling  questioning  will  serve  to  provide  fuller  
linguistic  communications,  and,  therefore,  representations  
to listening members. Also, adding new input and output 

Family Therapy / 143 
channels  will  be  an  important  step.  New  representational  
systems  will  also  be  important  for  they  are  what  allow  
people  to  communicate  in  a  way  which  others  will  
understand. 
(2)  Removal  of distortions  will   constitute  a  large   part of 
evolving   the   system,   using   the   Meta-model   to   de- 
nominalize linguistically. Relabeling, translating from one 
representational   system   to   another,   and   accessing   of 
memories will also play an important role. 
(3)  Breaking generalizations by Meta-model techniques, com 
paring  models of family  members, and especially chal 
lenging   mind-reading   semantic    ill-formedness   will   be 
necessary steps. 
(4)  Meta-position moves will also be an effective part of evolv 
ing family systems. They can be used  to both educate 
members in more effective forms of communication and at 
the same time to change patterns of see-feel and hear-feel 
which result in rigid rules. 
If a family therapist can evolve a family system so that feedback is 
not  calibrated,  then  new  patterns  of  behavior  will  emerge  from  all  
family members as they create richer representations of the shared 
world in which they live. This will, however, require that members 
of  the  family  learn  that  the  map  is  not  the  territory,  at  least  in  
some areas of their lives. This is rarely accomplished just by telling 
anyone,  and  the  focus  of  the  therapist's  work  is  to  provide  
experiences  for  family  members  to  learn  that  this  point  is  an  
undeniable  reality,  as  well  as  a  pleasant  one.  The  pain  and  hope-
lessness  of  those  who  seek  family  therapy  is  evidenced  by  their  
presence.  They  want  more  than  they  have,  and  they  do  not  believe  
that  they  have  the  resources  to  get  it.  The  truly  skilled  therapist  
will have to do more than just provide a solution to the immediate 
problem.  He  will  have  to  make  the  discovery  of  that  solution  a  
pleasant  experience,  providing  patterns  of  coping  that  can  gener-
alize  to  other  areas  of  the  family's  life,  at  the  same  time  making  it  
possible  for  every  member  of  the  family  to  be  respectable  to  every  
other member. Creation of new, negative fuzzy functions will not 
be nearly as beneficial as making it fun and rewarding to learn new 
ways of coping. The ideal outcome of family therapy is to create 
an open system which will be generative in creating new patterns 
of coping based upon sensory feedback. 
Now, let's consider a family interview, piece by piece, and give 
some meaning to the principles we are presenting here. This is the 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

IPARTIV 
first time that this family has been interviewed by this therapist. 
There are four members: 
 
SamuelA.Husband-father41Ateacherinhighscho
Jill A. 
 
Wife-mother38BankTelle
Holly 
 
Sister-daughter 16 
  
ThomaA.Brother-son15
 
This  family  "volunteered"  to  be  interviewed  as  a  training  
demonstration  with  one  of  the  authors.  They  had  been  seen  
previously  two  times  by  another  therapist  who  described  them  to  
the author as an impossible group, uncooperative, whom he didn't 
believe  really  wanted  to  be  helped  until  he  challenged  them  to  
volunteer  for  the  demonstration.  When  they  accepted,  he  was  
surprised;  he  then  warned  both  authors  that  they  might  be  a  bad  
choice  for  a  demonstration  because  they  were  likely  to  be  unco-
operative.  We  chose  this  transcript  for  its  unique  quality  of  
snowing just how easily good intentions can be misinterpreted. No 
other  information  was  given  to  the  therapist  before  this  session  at  
the  therapist's  request.  The  family  came  in:  Mother  and  then  
father,  holding  both  the  children's  hands.  They  sat  in  the  four  
chairs provided: 
Son      Father 
Mother                                 Daughter 
The  therapist  then  entered.   Introductions were  made  by  the 
commentator. 
Therapist: I am very grateful you could come and be here with 
me  today.  I  would  also  like  to  thank  you  for  being  open  
enough to let those watching share this experience with us 
so that they might have some new learnings. I also hope 
that this time can make it possible for all of you (address-
ing the family) to learn some new things too. I would like 
to  begin  by  finding  out  just  what  those  might  be.  Let  me  
start with you, Samuel. What would you like to come out 
of  this  time  we  have  together?  What  do  you  hope  can  
happen today? 
Samuel: Ummm well, I don't know what will happen. 
Therapist: I believe you're right; I don't know either. But what 
do you hope could happen? 
Samuel: Oh  ...  We  first  went  to  Dr.  P.  because  of  Holly.  She  
kinda got into some trouble and it was recommended that 

Family Therapy /145 
we go to him. We know that she is upset and acting out 
and her mother is very upset. 
Therapist: Let  me  interrupt  you,  Samuel.  I  hear  you  saying  
that Holly has done something, and I don't know just what 
that  is.  And  I  also  hear  you  saying,  Jill,  there  has  been  
some  pain  with  this.  I  would  like  to  know  two  things:  
specifically,  what  trouble  did  Holly  get  into,  and,  second,  
and most important, just exactly what you want for your-
self today. 
Samuel: She's  been  in  trouble  at  school,  talking  back  to  
teachers and she . . . 
Jill: (Interrupting)  She's  been  going  through  some  rebellious  
stage, and she doesn't see how serious this is. She's acting 
up in every way to show everyone how independent she 
can be, and she just doesn't see what she's doing to us 
and . . . 
Therapist: Hold it a minute, Jill. I want to hear about this 
from you, but first I would like to finish with Samuel. Is 
that all right with you? 
//'//: I guess so. 
Samuel: Thanks  (sarcastically).  I  ...  I  believe  I  would  like  
things to settle down. Yes, I would like Jill and Holly to 
let  go  of  each  other's  throats.  They  bicker,  bicker,  bicker,  
and it just keeps getting worse! 
Jill: Well, if y o u . . . 
Therapist: Jill ... 
Jill: OK, I'll wait. 
Holly: I'll bet you will. 
Jill: Now you'll . . . 
Therapist: Hold it. We have been here only a few minutes and 
already  I  see  and  hear  that  you  have  some  pain  with  each  
other.  I  would  very  much  like  to  see,  Jill  and  Holly,  if  we  
can't find a way to make things better for both of you. 
But,  first,  I  need  to  know  some  things  from  each  of  you.  
Would  you  be  willing  to  let  each  member  of  the  family  
speak,  no  matter  what  they  say,  so  that  each  of  you  can  
have  a  turn  without  being  interrupted?  (They  all  nod  
affirmatively.) Thank you. Samuel? 
Samuel: That's  really  the  crust of  it.  I  just  get  so  irritated 
when they start that crap. I would like it to stop. 
Therapist: Samuel, is there anything else you would really like 
for you, some hope you have? 
Samuel: Yes. I would like the fighting to stop; I would also 
like  more affection from my wife. She's .. . well, she 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

U6/PART/V 
doesn't act much l i k e  she used to anymore. Therapist:  
J i l l ,   what do you hope can happen here; what 
changes do you hope for? Jill: I hope that somehow things 
can be cleared up with Holly 
before she really makes a big mistake. Therapist: What 
things do you see as needing to be cleared up, 
Jill? 
////.• Holly's behavior. Therapist: What behavior, specifically? 
//'//: She .. . Well, two things. She needs to show some respect 
and show some sense of responsibility. Therapist: Jill, 
could you say just how you would l i k e  to see 
Holly show some respect to you? ////: She disobeys me, 
stays out too late, and is never at home 
to help clean the house and do things l i k e  that. We both 
work and she should help me with the house; you know, 
show some responsibility. Her room looks like a pigsty 
and .. . 
Therapist: J i l l ,  have you ever seen a pigsty? ////: Well, no, but 
you know what I mean. Therapist: I would l i k e  to hear, 
because I have a difficult time 
imagining her room covered with mud and corn cobs (all 
laughing). 
J i l l ,  I  hear and see that you have a lot of concern 
about Holly and that maybe you also need some help 
from her.  I  would  l i k e  to find a way for you to have 
those things. Let's see what happens. Let me check now 
with Holly. 
The  therapist  continued  in  this  fashion  around  the  room  to  
both  Holly  and  Thomas.  Holly  wanted  freedom  from  her  mother.  
She called her a nag, a worry-wart, and a tyrant. She also wanted 
to  "see  her  mother  get  off  daddy's  back."  Thomas  claimed  he  
wanted  nothing  and  just  came  because  his  mother  dragged  him,  
but  would  l i k e   the  "yelling  to  stop."  He  said,  "I  feel  sometimes  
l i k e   it's  open  warfare  at  home,  everybody  pounding  on  everyone  
else."  When  the  therapist  asked  him  what  he  wanted  just  for  
himself he said, "Quiet." 
In  the  above  transcript  there  is  enough  information  provided,  
even  with  the  deletion  of  part  of  the  transcript,  to  begin  to  notice  
some  patterns  in  this  family's  behavior  which  will  help  to  make  
positive  change  from  this  experience.  First  is  most  highly  valued  
representational  systems.  Samuel  is  primarily  kinesthetic-placating;  
Jill, visual-blaming;  Holly,  visual-blaming; Thomas, kinesthetic- 

Family Therapy / 147 
placating. The result is a stable but rigid family system. Even in 
the  first  few  minutes  of  this  session,  the  family  members  have  
begun  to  respond  quickly  with  what  could  be  mistaken  as  bad  
behavior. They could be termed uncooperative, but that would be 
inaccurate.  Quite  the  contrary,  they  responded  in  a  way  which  
provided  just  the  information  necessary  for  family  therapy  to  be  
useful  and  effective.  The  therapist  has  elecited  a  great  deal  of  
information  by  matching  his  predicates  to  those  of  his  clients,  
asking  Jill  questions  phrased  with  visual  predicates  such  as  show 
clearly, etc.  This  session  lasted  some  two  and  one-half  hours  and  
constitutes some hundred and sixty pages of written material. For 
that reason, only portions of it will be presented. These portions 
are supplied to demonstrate various aspects of how family systems 
are evolved. In the first twenty-five minutes the following patterns 
were revealed. 
Samuel "felt" uncared  for  by  Jill;  he  longed  for  affection,  and  
also desired to have his family be more in touch with each other's 
needs. He also felt his wife didn't respect his wishes; she kept her 
job  in  spite  of  his  requests  that  she  quit  and  stay  home  with  the  
family and take care of the house. And he felt that she shouldn't 
go  out  with  the  girls  to  bars  without  him.  Jill  "saw" things  quite  
differently. She thought her husband was too jealous and couldn't 
"see  how  silly  that  is."  She  also  wanted  him  to  be  stricter  with  
Holly.  She  said  he  "just  doesn't  look  at  what  is  happening  right  in 
front of him." She also said, "Clearly, Holly has got to shape up" 
and that "Holly should be more like her brother." Holly thought 
that  her  father  should  stand  up  to  Jill.  "He  just  lets  her  push 
everyone  around;  I  watch  that  and,  well,  not  me."  "I  show  her  she  
can't get away with that, not with me." Thomas "felt sick when 
they fight all the time." He just wanted to run away and hide. 
Let  us  now  examine  the  reference  structures  desired  by  the  
family  and  see  what  kind  of  evolving  will  be  necessary  for  this  
family to find some new choices which are more satisfying. 
In  order  for  the  members  of  this  family  to  achieve  their  
desired aims, certain changes will be necessary. If Jill and Holly are 
to find any connections with each other, and if Jill is to have her 
"image"  of  Holly  clarified  and  vice  versa,  they  will  have  to  learn  
two  facets  of  their  map's  not  being  the  territory.  First,  that  the  
incongruency  of  their  communication  prevents  their  desired  
outcomes,  e.g.,  Jill's  messages  of  being  concerned  about  Holly  are  
communicated  in  a  blaming  way,  a  way  that  sounds  critical,  not  
concerned.  Jill's  words  do  not  match  her  tone  of  voice  and  body  
gestures.  Incongruent  communication  is  the  normal  way  of  
exchanging messages in this family. Even when Samuel said he 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

desired more affection from his wife, his tones and words were not 
matching;  they  conveyed  other  messages  which  were  interpreted  
by  Jiil  as  criticisms  about  her  behavior.  Communication  by  
members  of  this  family  seemed  to  be,  in  itself,  a  risk.  Any  
comment was sure to be a criticism of some other family member. 
They  were  all  calibrated  to  receive  bad  messages,  and,  thus,  every  
message was construed to be a bad one. All members of this family 
system believed in their mind-reading abilities; every misinterpreta-
tion was then turned into a hear-feel. Family members would have 
to  learn  both  to  communicate  their  own  messages  and  to  receive  
messages  from  other  members.  Secondly,  actions  of  the  family  
members  were  construed  to  have  specific  meanings  (see-feels)  
which,  if  the  members  were  to  have  more  communication  with  
each  other,  would  have  to  be  changed.  Mistaking  the  actions  of  
Jill, Holly would immediately move to protect herself. Holly also 
has mistaken the map for the territory and has calibrated her sight. 
During the session, Jill reached for Holly's hand in what appeared 
to the therapist to be an attempt to become more connected and 
an attempt by Jill to develop some kinesthetic input. Holly pulled 
back and accused her mother of trying to hold her to make her 
look like a little child. 
The rules go something like this: 
Don't listen, it will just hurt anyway. 
Don't bother to say anything nice because no one will 
hear. Don't ask because you shouldn't be selfish, and 
you won't 
get anything anyway. Don't touch if anybody else is 
watching; they'll see-feel, 
especially Mother. Be strong, not 
yourself, or you'll get hurt. 
These  rules  were  not  developed  by  people  who  were  trying  to  
create pain for each other but by people who were doing the best 
they could with their particular patterns of incongruent communi-
cation  and  fuzzy  functions.  The  following  excerpts  are  from  the  
part  of  the  interview  which  dealt  with  evolving  the  system.  They  
have  been  added  to  demonstrate  the  pattern  of  using  all  of  the  
techniques  presented  in  Magic  1  and  so  far  in  Magic  II  for  the  
purpose of evolving a system. 
Therapist: What, exactly, do you want for Holly? Jill, what 
would you like changed in your relationship with her? //'//; 
(Critical tone) I just want her to be happy and to show 

Family Therapy / 149 
her how to not make the same mistakes that I did. I want 
her to see I am really trying. Therapist: As you say that Jill, 
I can believe that you really do 
want more for Holly, but your tone of voice is harsh as 
you say these things about wanting to help her and be 
closer,  and   I'm  wondering  if Holly  doesn't  hear your 
message as something like:  "You're not doing anything 
right; you never do. You don't see how much I'm doing 
for you" (exaggerated, blaming tone and comical gestures). 
Is that what it's like when you hear your mother speak like 
this? Holly;   Yes,   she   always   claims to  know  what's  
right for 
everybody. Therapist: It must be a terrible task to keep 
tabs on billions of 
people in this world. Does she really claim to know what's 
best for everybody or just you? Holly; Well, lots of people. 
Therapist:  Jill, did you  know that Holly didn't understand 
your message as one of trying to help, and took it rather as 
more criticism? Jill: Sort of... Therapist: Would you like 
to find a new way to communicate 
your desire to help her, and to ask for help from her? Jill: 
Yes, I would. Therapist: Holly, as you hear your mother say 
that she would 
like to find a new way with you, I wonder if you also 
would like to find something new with her? Holly: I think 
she just wants to find some way of telling me to 
do things that will make me do them. 
Therapist: You believe that to be true? 
Holly: Yes. 
Therapist: Would you like to find out if it's true? Holly: Yes. 
Therapist: Then, would you ask her? I think people in this 
family spend a lot of time guessing what other people 
mean, and I also think that they guess wrong a lot of the 
time. Let's find out. Ask her now. 
There  are  two  interesting  patterns  in  the  following  section.  
First, in the comment on Jill's incongruity, the therapist is trying 
to demonstrate to Jill that her messages are not received at all like 
she intends them to be. This opens up the possibility of discover-
ing better ways of communicating, at the same time demonstrating 
what those ways are; in this case, auditory feedback instead of 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

\SOIPARTIV 
calibration. Secondly, the therapist is making a direct challenge on 
mind-reading semantic ill-formed ness, first demonstrating that it 
has happened, and then offering a new alternative, asking. This is 
also  the  first  step  in  developing  a  new  representational  system  
which can be shared by both Jill and Holly. 
Holly: Do you just want to find a way to make me do things? 
Jill: No, I just don't want to be locked out; I worry so about 
you. 
Therapist: What did you hear, Holly? Holly: She still thinks I 
can't take care of myself. Therapist: Jill, did you say, or do 
you think, that Holly can't 
take care of herself? 
////: No, I didn't say that. I ... I ... think she can, but.. . 
Therapist: But what? Jill: Well, she is only 16. Therapist: 
Only 16? 
This  is  a  good  example  of  how  the  process  of  comparing  
models  can  take  place.  The  next  step  made  by  the  therapist  
continues  this  theme,  by  having  these  two  visual  women  use  their  
most  highly  valued  representational  system  to  compare  their  
models even further. 
Therapist: Jill and Holly, I would like you to try something to 
see if maybe we can't clear up some of this a little. Would 
you both come here? Now, close your eyes and just make 
a  picture  of  your  mother,  and,  Jill,  make  a  picture  of  
Holly.  Look  at  it  closely,  and,  without  opening  your  eyes,  
what do you see, Jill? 
Jill: My little girl, dressed pretty and . . . 
Holly: You always see me as a little girl. 
Therapist: Just  close  your  eyes,  Holly;  wait  and  see  what  
happens. Holly, what do you see? 
Holly: Mother,  pointing  her  finger,  looking  disgusted  and  
angry again. 
Therapist: Now, while you keep your eyes closed, I would like 
to tell you what I see, and what I hear. I see Holly, sixteen 
years old growing into an adult. And I hear, Jill — you still 
have Holly saddled with some picture you have about how 
she used to be. I also see Jill as a mother who is trying to 
find a way to be connected with her daughter, and, Holly, 
you  have  saddled  her  with  a  picture  of  some  controlling  
monster. I think you don't know each other. Would you 

Family Therapy / 151 
like to open your eyes and really meet each other, maybe 
for the first time in years? ////.' (Beginning to sob) Yes, yes 
I would. Therapist:  Holly, I see you looking surprised. Holly, 
maybe 
this is a new you. 
Holly: I don't believe that we'll . .. (starts to sob a little). 
Therapist: What don't you believe? Holly: That she... 
Therapist: Ask her. 
Holly: Could you really see me as a person, as ... ////; Yes, but 
it's scary. Therapist: Could you say what's scary, Jill? //'//: 
You're growing up and I'm afraid I'll lose you. Therapist: You 
can't lose her until you have her; do you really 
have her yet? ////.• 
No, but I want to. 
Once  these  two  had  learned  that  their  models  of  each  other  
were  outmoded,  they  could  begin  to  find  new  ways  to  communi-
cate  with  each  other.  They  have  begun  to  learn  that  mind  reading  
sets limits and puts walls between them. They continued, with the 
help  of  the  therapist,  to  make  a  new  contract  about  how  they  
would interact, learning check-out communication. 
This next excerpt is from about twenty minutes later when the 
therapist changed the focus from Jill and Holly to Jill and Samuel. 
Asking Jill if, now that she had some new connections with Holly, 
she would like to find some new ways with Samuel. 
Jill: (Looking  at  Samuel,  now  responding  to  the  therapist's  
question) I want you to not watch over me, not always ask 
where I've been and who I saw, and not try and make me 
quit work. 
Samuel: I  don't  anymore;  you've  bitched  and  bitched  and  I  
just don't... 
Jill: Oh, come on; you give those looks, and coy questions ... 
Samuel: Shit; you imagine ... 
Therapist: Wait a minute, you're slipping off. What, exactly, 
do you want from Jill? 
Samuel: I would like her to be more affectionate, and ... 
Therapist: Easy now, slow down. More affectionate, how? 
Samuel: I want her to kiss me and, you know, but she always 
says not here, not in front of the kids, not now . .. 
Therapist: Jill, do you have some clear idea what Samuel is 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

]52/PARTIV 
talking about? Jill: I think so; he wants to paw me and I 
believe that privately 
that sorta thing is OK but not in front of the kids. 
Therapist: What do you think would happen if your children 
saw Samuel and you being affectionate? Jill: Well . . . 
(pause) . ..  it would make them uncomfortable. Therapist: 
How do you know that? Jill: I see them when he does it; I see 
their faces. Therapist: You're guessing again; would you l i k e  to 
find out if 
that's true? Jill: I don't know. Therapist: If you don't 
know, guess. Jill: Holly, does it? Holly: No, it bothers me 
when I see you push him away; I 
think you don't love him. 
Jill: Oh ... 
Thomas: Yeah, I always thought you didn't l i k e  dad; some-
times it felt creepy when you . . . Therapist: Ummmm guess 
you were wrong on that one too, 
Jill. Is there anything else that stops you from being more 
affectionate with Samuel? 
Jill: (Sighs) Yes, I guess there is; I feel cowed by him. 
Therapist: How? 
Jill: He prys into my life, and . . . Samuel: I thought we were 
married. Therapist: Samuel, does being married mean that 
you don't 
have any privacy or have your private activities? Samuel: 
No, she has lots of them, but when  I try to get 
involved in any way, she says I ' m  invading her space. 
Therapist: Jill, what I hear Samuel saying, correct me if I'm 
wrong, Samuel, is that he sees you doing a lot of things 
without h i m  and he doesn't see you doing things with him. 
This sort of looks l i k e  you don't want h i m  or need him. 
And any time he shows an interest you see him as prying. 
Jill: No, I see h i m  asking about where I've been, what did I do, 
who did I see ... Therapist:  Hold  it, Jill; were you 
deliberately trying to pry 
into Holly's affairs? Jill: Ah, no, not deliberately, I mean. 
Therapist: Is it possible that maybe this is another example of 
the same thing, only this time you're the one who feels 
invaded? 
Jill: I guess it's possible. Therapist: Do you think 
it's more than possible? 

Family Therapy / 153 
Jill: Yes. 
Therapist: Samuel, are you trying to invade Jill's space or are 
you asking for some attention? Samuel: I want some 
attention. Therapist: Jill, do you know anything about wanting 
attention 
and not getting it? Do you know how desperately you can 
try and how your messages can be misunderstood? Isn't 
that just what happened with Holly? Jill: I guess it is. 
Therapist: Would you two pull your chairs over here, facing 
each other. That's right. 
In the preceding excerpt there are some interesting patterns. 
(1)   The way the therapist translates from one representational 
system   to  another,   taking  Samuel's kinesthetic predicates and 
communicating his message to Jill in visual predicates. This assists 
these two people in sharing information that otherwise could not 
be shared. At the same time it directly challenges mind reading. 
(2)   The way the therapist re-labels the problem between Jill and 
Samuel to show them it has the same formal characteristics as the 
problem between Jill and Holly. Since Jill has this experience, she 
can switch the referential indices of Samuel's experience to her 
own,  thus  making a  connection that would  not otherwise be 
possible. (3) The therapist is also presenting himself as a model of 
how the same message can be communicated congruently, with 
the  outcome  being  the  desired   reference   structure.   This puts 
Samuel in a meta-position with respect to his own communication, 
first by his attempt's being misinterpreted and then, next, by 
hearing   and   seeing   both   his   polarities'   being  communicated 
congruently, with the result being understanding. This offers him a 
new choice about how to convey his messages, at the same time 
offering Jill a new choice about how she receives them. 
Therapist: I would like to spend a few minutes now trying to 
see  if  it  is  possible  for  me  to  teach  you  to  make  some  
meaning  between  you.  What  I  want  to  do  is  to  teach  you  
about  really  hearing  each  other  and  really  seeing  each  
other  as  you  are.  Jill,  would  you  begin  now?  Just  take  each  
other's  hands,  and,  looking  each  other  in  the  eyes,  Jill  
would  you  ask  for  what  you  want  for  yourself  in  a  way  
which  you  believe  that  Samuel  can  really  hear?  Samuel,  
just listen. 
Jill: Please  let  me  have  my  own  space  without  being  bitter  or  
making snide remarks or giving those looks. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

]54 / PART IV 
Therapist: Samuel,  what  I  hear  from  Jill  is  that  she  wants  
space, which she already has but in a new way, in a way 
that she feels is really all right with you. She wants you to 
grasp  that  she  feels  bad  inside  when  she  gets  non-verbal  or  
verbal  messages  that  you  don't  approve  of  her  and  what  
she does. Do you understand that? 
Samuel: I  think  so,  but  she  hasn't  left  anything  for  me.  She  
(Samuel points to Jill), you haven't left anything for me; 
I feel pushed away all of the time. 
Therapist: Jill,  can  you  see  how  it  is  for  Samuel  to  see  you  
enjoying doing things by yourself, without him, and not to 
see you do things with him that he values? 
Samuel: I  also  don't  want  to  feel  that  it's  wrong  for  me  to  be  
interested in what you do. 
Therapist: Do  you  know  about  being  interested  in  another  
person  and  having  that  person,  Jill,  think  that  you're  
invading her space? 
Jill: I do. 
Therapist: I  guess  what  you're  saying,  Samuel,  is  that  you  
want Jill to approve of what you do, is that right? 
Samuel: What? 
Therapist: I said, it sounds to me like you want Jill to approve 
of  your  interest  in  her,  to  approve  of  your  affection,  to  
approve  of  your  company,  in  the  same  way  that  you,  Jill,  
want Samuel to approve of your taking time for yourself 
and working. And, in the same way, you, Jill, want Holly 
to  approve  of  your  interest  in  her.  Is  this  what's  really  
going on here? 
Samuel: I never looked at it that way. 
Therapist: Well,  maybe  this  is  a  new  way  of  understanding  
things for you. How about you, Jill? 
Jill: I think you're right. 
Therapist: Would  you  take  each  other's  hands  for  a  moment  
and  let  your  eyes  close.  Now,  I  would  like  you  to  think  
back to when you first decided this guy was for you, Jill, 
and when you, Samuel, first decided that Jill was the girl 
for you. Now, without saying a word, let your eyes open 
and  see  if  you  see  that  person  still  here  in  front  of  you.  
Some  years  have  passed;  you  both  learned  some  new  
things. What do you see, Jill? 
Jill: I feel like I haven't looked at him for a long time. 
Therapist: Jill, promise me that you won't forget to look in 
this way, and, if you should, that you'll just sit down like 
you are now, even if you're in the middle of a fight, and 

Family Therapy / 155 
look in this way. Will you do that? 
.       I ' l l       4-^.   . 
Jill: I'll try. 
Samuel: May I remind you? 
Jill: I wish you would. 
The  preceding  transcript  offers  some  other  valuable  patterns  for  
evolving  a  family  system.  (1)  The  therapist  re-labeled  the  unful-
filled needs of the family members as really being the same. This is 
very easy when you consider that they are the result of the same 
set  of  rules  and  the  same  system.  (2)  The  result  of  this  was  that  
Samuel  "saw"  things  differently;  he  is  building  a  new  represen-
tational  system.  Also,  memories  connected  with  feeling  were  
accessed to help Jill recover the kinesthetic representations she felt 
for  Samuel  at  another  point  in  their  life.  These  two  have  begun  to  
build bridges between them. They are beginning to share represen-
tational  systems.  The  most  unused  representational  system  is  
auditory  and  offers  a  vast  resource  for  developing  connections.  
Also, new input channels are being developed; auditory input in 
the  past  has  been  almost  totally  ignored  by  this  family.  Now  it  
becomes a valid way of receiving and validating information. Since 
no member of a family system should be left out, the therapist 
now  moved  to  build  some  new  bridges  for  Thomas,  who  has  
watch.ea and listened in amazement to the preceding two hours. 
Therapist: I haven't forgotten you, Thomas, or is it Tom? 
Tom: Tom. I've never seen them like this. 
Therapist: Like what, Tom? 
Tom: So nice to each other; will it last? 
Therapist: Would you like to find out? Ask someone here. 
Tom: Mom, is this gonna last? 
Jill: Not all the time dear, but a lot of the time. We have to 
learn lots more before it will be like this all of the time. Do 
you understand that? 
Tom: Sure; nobody can be good all of the time; it's too hard. 
Therapist: Is there anyone you would like to feel closer to? 
Tom: Everyone, I guess. 
Therapist: Good,  because  I  noticed  something  about  this  
family. There is very little touching going on here. You all 
must  get  skin  hungry.  Everyone  needs  some  hugs  and  that  
kind of thing. Would you let me show you one more thing 
which  I  believe  you  all  could  share?  It's  a  simple  thing  
Virginia  Satir,  who  was  my  teacher,  uses  with  families  she  
sees, to help them to get used to touching each other more 
often. Would you be willing? 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

}56 /PARTIV 
This session closed with a family huddle, and a request that 
the family practice this huddle at least once a day. As a review of 
their  new  learning,  they  concluded  the  session  with  each  member  
telling  the  others  what  he  had  learned.  The  family  then  departed,  
saying their good-byes to the therapist. After they had left, a small 
piece  of  paper  was  found  on  Holly's  chair.  On  it  was  written,  
"Thank you again. H." 
META-TACTIC FOR EVOLVING A FAMILY SYSTEM 
The  last  section  provided  you  with  an  example  of  how  a  
family system is evolved. We will now present a series of tactics to 
accomplish  this  task.  However,  we  do  remind  you  that  the  overall  
strategy  should  remain  constant  when  employing  these  tactics.  
That is, evolving a family system implies that, after comparing the 
relationship  between  input/output  channels  and  the  resulting  
fuzzy  functions,  the  family  rules  are  compared  with  the  reference  
structure  desired  by  the  family  members.  The  evolution  of  the  
system  will  require  first,  changing  those  areas  of  the  family  
members'  models  which  are  impoverished  in  some  way  which  
prohibits  the  evolving  of  the  desired  reference  structure.  The  
family members must learn that their map is not the territory, and 
that  the  changes  are  more  acceptable  than  the  rules  which  pre-
vented them. This can be accomplished in the following ways: 
COMPARING MODELS 
1. The use of Meta-model questions to elicit a full represen 
tation of each member's model of the world. This allows auditory 
input to be maximal for each member, at the same time providing 
the information necessary to produce change. 
2. Meta-comments on incongruency in communication, I hear 
you say that you are communicating caring but you sound angry 
and look angry. These comments allow a member to understand 
how his messages are misconstrued by the others and also allow 
the other members to better understand how they misconstrued 
the messages in the first place. 
3. Challenging mind reading is a most essential part of evolv 
ing a family system. It allows clients to develop auditory feedback, 
at the same time giving them an experience in just how much their 
map is not the territory. 

Family Therapy / 157 
PERMUTATIONS OF REPRESENTATIONS 
1. Switching   representational systems  gives  a   member  a 
chance   to   describe   his experience  which  would   normally  be 
unacceptable, using auditory output in an acceptable way. 
2. Re-labeling  has  two parts.  First, the re-labeling of any 
behavior which has a negative see-feel or a negative hear-feel by 
describing  the   polarity  function,   and   in this way  making the 
unacceptable acceptable. 
Therapist: How, specifically, does she make you angry? 
Husband: She's always nagging at me to stay home with her. 
Therapist: You  don't  realize  that  her  nagging  shows  just  how  
much  she  really  cares  for  you.  She  wouldn't  nag  if  it  
weren't  important.  She  is  really  giving  a  caring  message  
about just how important you are to her. Isn't that right, 
W? 
Wife: Well, yes. 
Therapist: So,  when  she  nags  you,  you  have  a  choice:  to  
respond in your old way or to appreciate just how much 
she really cares, and then you could take her nagging as a 
love message. 
The  second  form  of  re-labeling  is  equating,  as  shown  in  the  
transcript about Jill, Holly, Samuel, and Thomas. Jill learned that 
her requests deserved approval, just as did Samuel's. 
3. Referential index shift occurs when the negative experi 
ences  of one  family   member  are   understood   by  another, by 
"imagining yourself with (the same problem)." 
4. Accessing memories is a technique used to recover positive 
fuzzy functions and to restore them to the family system. 
5. Translating from one representational system to another 
allows clients to better understand each other's representations, at 
the  same  time giving  them a model to develop new ways of 
communicating auditorially. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

158/PARTIV META-
POSITION MOVES 
1. Meta-questions such as, 
How do you feel about feeling X? 
allow the members to express both polarities and allow the listen-
ing  members  greater  access  to  information  formerly  not  received  
since it was never expressed auditorially. 
Husband: I feel angry about that. 
Therapist:  And how do you feel about feeling angry at 
your wife? 
Husband: I don't like it. Therapist: Did you know, W, 
that M did not like getting 
angry at you? 
2. Sculpturing is the technique of placing family members in 
physical positions in relationship to one another which represent 
the   formal   characteristics   of their  communication   (see  Satir, 
1973). 
3. The therapist as a model provides a necessary reference 
structure   for  members to experience  effective  and  congruent 
communication   which will  result in the nominalization of the 
desired reference structure. 
4. The addition of any new representational system or input 
or output channel is a most desired activity. This is most easily 
accomplished by creating tasks which require their use. 
All  of  the  above  tactics  provide  a  vehicle  for  evolving  a  family  
system.  Additional  reading  is  suggested  in  the  Bibliography  of  
Magic I. 
INTEGRATION OF NEW CHOICES AND PATTERNS -
CONSOLIDATION OF META-POSITION 
The  goal  in  family  therapy  is  to  assist  the  family  system  in  
evolving  from  the  state  in  which  they  are  first  encountered  in  
therapy to the state which they have identified as being desirable. 
In  evolving  a  family  system  in  the  second  phase  of  family  system  
therapy,  the  therapist  is  careful  to  move  only  as  quickly  as  all  
members of the family are able to respond. From a system point 
of view  and  from   the  point  of view  of  having  a maximally 

Family Therapy / 159 
beneficial effect in working with the family, the therapist's objec-
tive  is  to  assist  the  family  in  evolving  to  the  identified  desirable  
state,  while  simultaneously  changing  the  coping  patterns  so  that  
other disturbances, not identified initially by the family members 
but which might subsequently arise, can be dealt with in a creative 
way  by  the  family  itself.  In  system  terms,  this  is  known  as  
morphogenesis. The  type  of  system  which  is  characteristically  
morphogenetic is the open system — a system which is responsive 
to  its  environment  and  readily  adapts  itself  to  disturbances  in  an  
acceptable and creative manner. 
While  an  open  system  is  the  most  desirable  outcome  of  family  
therapy,  this  is  a  difficult  goal  to  achieve.  Furthermore,  family  
therapy is conducted in the real world with real time constraints 
on both the family and the therapist. Consistent with the principle 
of  operating  with  the  family  as  an  organism,  the  therapist  must  
employ  a  set  of  techniques  which  will  assist  the  family  between  
sessions  in  consolidating  the  advances  made  during  the  therapy  
sessions,  or  the  family  will  achieve  only  limited  goals  which  fall  
short  of  the  ideal  of  a  completely  open  system  whose  members  
have a maximum amount of choice. Thus, for example, at the end 
of each family therapy session, the family will return to its home 
and cope as best it can until the next scheduled session. In order 
to  insure  the  maintenance  of  the  family  as  an  intact  unit  between  
sessions,  the  therapist  may  use  one  of  the  following  techniques.  
Common to each of these techniques is the fact that it is designed 
to assist the family members in being aware of the new choices 
and  new  coping  patterns  which  they  have  evolved  with  the  thera-
pist  during  their  session.  There  are  two  general  categories  of  these  
techniques: 
1. Homework assignments — exercises given to members of 
the family for them to perform to give them practice in 
their new choices and skills; 
2. Signals which will constitute an effective interception of 
old and destructive patterns should these reassert them 
selves. 
Homework is  essentially  designed  to  give  family  members  
practice in using their new choices and skills. These are most often 
connected,  in  our  experience,  with  the  exercise  of  new  input  and  
output channels. For example, in a family in which, traditionally, 
family  members  accepted  a  rule  which  identified  touching  among  
family  members  as  a  negative  see-feel,  a  useful  exercise  of  their  
new choices and patterns would be scheduled massage in which all 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

\6QlPARTlV 
family  members  participate.  As  another  example,  in  a  family  in  
which  verbal  communication  was  traditionally  non-existent,  
during a specified period of time.each family member would talk 
about  some  part  of  his  recent  experiences  or  current  interests.  
Homework,  to  be  maximally  effective,  should  use  precisely  the  
new  patterns  learned  in  the  therapy  session  and  should  provide  a  
scheduled  occasion  for  family  members  to  exercise  exactly  the  
new  choices  most  recently  developed  in  the  therapeutic  context.  
Here, the family itself will be the best judge of how to incorporate 
these  new  dimensions  into  the  ongoing  flow  of  their  life  as  a  
family.  Allowing  the  responsibility  of  creating  these  homework  
assignments  to  rest  with  the  family  itself  insures  that  the  family  
will, in fact, carry out the homework assignment and that it will 
be  appropriate  in  the  non-therapeutic  context.  In  addition,  the  
process of developing exercises and deciding on how to use them is 
an  excellent  experience  in  which  family  members  come  to  appre-
ciate their own skills and those of the other family members. 
The  second  category  of  techniques  to  assist  the  family  in  
consolidating meta-position is that of intercept signals. Typically, 
in a family who has come to therapy for assistance in  changing  its  
unsatisfactory  patterns  of  interaction,  the  patterns  the  family  
members have developed which they are attempting to change are 
initially  so  strong  that  a  lapse  into  an  old  pattern  by  a  single  
member  of  the  family  is  sufficient  to  draw  in  the  other  family  
members  —  and  the  gains  made  by  the  family  are  temporarily  
undermined.  To  prevent  this  from  occurring,  family  therapists  
develop a set of cues or signals which will allow family members to 
detect  and  signal  other  family  members  that  an  old  and  unsatis-
factory  pattern  of  interaction  is  beginning.  All  of  the  considera-
tions  presented  in  Part  II  on  incongruity  work,  in  the  section  on  
polarity  signals,  are  valid  here.  For  example,  we  favor  kinesthetic  
cues; these seem to work particularly well when the patterns to be 
counteracted  are  patterns  which  involve  the  fuzzy  functions  which  
are  the  basis  of  Cause-Effect  semantic  ill-formedness.  Since  the  
typical  fuzzy  function  involved  here  is  a  see-feel  or  a  hear-feel,  
kinesthetic  cues  are  easily  detected.  In  fact,  often  in  our  work  
with changing fuzzy functions, we give a graded series of signals in 
which  the  initial  signal  is  kinesthetic  and  the  subsequent  cues  
move  out  to  the  associated  representational  system.  For  example,  
with  a  see-feel  circuit,  the  initial  cue  might  be  a  reversal  of  
breathing;  the  final  cue,  the  actual  visual  input.  In  this  way,  the  
family  members  learn  as  a  matter  of  course  to  see-see  —  a  valuable  
learning in and of itself. 
Another   effective   signal,  especially  in  families with  small 

Family Therapy /161 
children  who  as  yet  are  less  skilled  in  verbalizations  than  other  
family  members,  is  sculpturing.  Sculpturing  is  a  form  of  meta-
commenting without requiring verbal skill, as it makes use of body 
postures  by  the  person  initiating  the  signal  and  the  visual  input  
channels by the person receiving the signal. 
As  with  the  homework  exercises,  the  family  should  be  in-
volved  maximally  in  the  planning  and  rehearsal  of  intercept  
signals. With these cues, it is particularly important to consider the 
most dependable input and output channels available to all family 
members. 
FOOTNOTES FOR PART IV 
1.    In our experience, the breaking up of a family system may, in some 
circumstances, be the most beneficial outcome for the family members in 
terms of their ability  to change and grow — thus, the most acceptable 
outcome rather than the least acceptable. One case of this which will be clear 
to the reader is that of the family system with an identified patient schizo 
phrenic who is struggling to free himself from the patterns of family inter 
action in which he is trapped. 
2.    This seems to us to be the basic pattern of the traditional psycho- 
therapeutic phenomenon of transference, negative transference and counter 
transference. 
3.     R. D. Laing (see pp. 104-124, The Politics of the Family and Other 
Essays,  Vintage  Books,  1972)  has an interesting discussion of rules and 
meta-rules. As far as we can determine, his meta-rules are the basis for a 
person's actually blocking an entire input or output channel. For example, 
the person begins with a rule, say, 
Do not notice (visually) incongruity. 
Then, after some period of time, his behavior becomes congruent with the 
meta-rule, 
Do not notice that you do not notice (visually) incongruity. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

 

PARTV Formal 
Notation 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

 

Formal Notation / 165 
In The  Structure  of  Magic  I,  we  presented  an  explicit  verbal  
model  for  therapy.  This  model  is  designed  to  teach  the  therapist  
how  to  hear  and  respond  to  the  form  of  the  client's  surface  
structures.  The  content  may  vary  infinitely;  the  form  which  the  
client  uses  allows  the  therapist  to  respond  in  a  systematic  pattern  
that  assists  the  client  in  changing.  Specifically,  by  responding  to  
the  form  of  the  client's  surface  structures,  the  therapist  quickly  
comes  to  understand  the  client's  model  of  the  world,  its  impover-
ishing  limitations  and  the  modeling  processes  which  the  client  
typically uses to construct his models. Listening to and respond-
ing  to  the  client  in  terms  of  the  Meta-model  distinctions  allow  the  
therapist to identify the techniques he will use to assist the client 
in changing. 
The Meta-model which we presented in Magic I has a number 
of  useful  distinctions.  As  we  stated  in  that  volume,  these  distinc-
tions themselves fall into natural groupings or meta-patterns of the 
Meta-model  distinctions.  We  have  found  it  useful  in  organizing  our  
experience both in therapy and in our Therapist Training Seminars 
to divide the Meta-model distinctions into three classes: 
(a) Gathering information; 
(b) Identifying the limits of the client's model; 
(c) Specifying the techniques to be used for change. 
FUNCTIONS 
Formally,  functions  are  rules  of  association  or  rules  which  
specify a connection between a member or members of one group 
(called the domain) and those of another (called the range). To use 
a  commonplace  function  as  an  example,  consider  the  mother  
function.  The  mother  function  can  be  understood  as  the  rule  of  
association  which",  given  any  human  being,  specifies  who  that  
individual's  mother  is.  Notice  what  is  involved  here:  two  sets  of  
humans: Set  I,  the  set  of  a l l   human  beings,  and  Set  II,  the  set  of  all  
mothers, and a rule of association, f, which specifies which person 
has  which  mother.  Using  the  standard  functional  notations,  we  
have: 
(a)  f (Set I) ----------►(Set II) 
or 
(b) f (Set I, Set I I ) 
In words, the visual representations above may be translated as: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

I PARTV 
(a)  The  function  f associates (maps) members of Set I with 
(onto or into) members of Set II. 
(b)  The function /"specifies ordered pairs whose first member 
is from Set I and whose second member is from Set II. 
Notice  that  the  two  sets  whose  connection  is  specified  by  the  
function may have members in common — in this example, all the 
members  of  Set  II  are  also  members  of  Set  I,  but  all  of  the  male  
members of Set I are not members of Set 11. 
Functional  notation  is  simply  a  way  of  representing  visually  
the  regularities  in  our  experience.  If  we  know  that,  when  we  
encounter  some  situation  which  has  occurred  repeatedly  in  our  
experience  and  that  each  time  in  the  past  when  we  have  done  
such  and  such  an  act,  the  situation  has  changed  to  some  new  
situation,  then  we  typically  develop  a  rule  of  association  or  a  
function to express this regularity and communicate it to others: 
ACT (situation 1)-----------------^(situation 2) 
or 
ACT (situation 1, situation 2) 
All that is required is that we be able to identify the sets involved 
and  the  way  in  which  members  of  one  of  the  sets  are  linked  with  
members  of  the  other  set.  One  way,  then,  of  representing  the  
process  of  change  in  therapy  which  occurs  at  the  highest  level  of  
patterning is: 
Therapist (Client state,)----------------- »-(Client statej) 
We have already employed the notion of function earlier in 
our work — the Meta-model, for example. To reformulate it in the 
visual notation presented here requires that we be explicit about 
the  sets  which  are  being  mapped.  We  proceed  by  example.  The  
client says, 
I'm scared. 
This Surface Structure is the outcome of a linguistic process called 
a derivation. One of the principal research domains of transforma-
tional  linguistics  is  derivations  —  the  relationship  between  full  
linguistic  representations  —  the  set  of  Deep  Structures  —  and  
expressed linguistic representations — the set of Surface Struc- 

Formal Notation / 167 
tures. Using our functional notation, 
transformational syntax (Deep Structure)----»-(Surface Structures) 
or 
transformational syntax (Deep Structures, Surface Structures) 
In  the  specific  case  of  the  Surface  Structure  I'm  scared,  there is a 
Deep Structure with which it is associated, namely, 
SCA RE [someone/thing, me] 
If we let the symbol d represent the linguistic process of deletion, 
we  may  represent  the  entire  process  through  which  the  client  has  
gone by: 
d (SCARE [someone/thing, me])------------------*-(l'm scared) 
or 
d (SCARE [someone/thing, me], I'm scared) 
As  we  mentioned  previously,  functional  notation  is  a  way  of  
visually  representing  regularities  in  our  experience,  requiring  only  
that we be able to identify explicitly the sets involved and the rule 
of  correspondence  or  function  which  links  members  of  one  set  
with  those  of  the  other.  The  notation,  being  formal,  is  inde-
pendent  of  content  —  in  fact,  sets  of  functions  may,  themselves,  
constitute  the  sets  which  are  being  associated  by  the  same  rules  of  
correspondence. When considering the relationship between sets of 
functions,  there  is  one  special  relationship  which  has  been  
distinguished  by  mathematicians.  These  are  called  inverse  func-
tions. Again, we proceed by example. 
(I) 
 
Now  consider  all  the  ways  in  which  you  could  turn  (rotate)  this  
triangle  in  two  dimensions.  You  could,  for  example,  rotate  it  as  
follows: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

(II) 
 B 
Suppose we now consider a rotation of the original triangle by 
moving it 120° to the right. The result would be: 
(III) 
 
Or, using a related notation, 
rotation r-120       ( A 
 
Or, again, using the functional notation we presented previously, 
I20 
(■)■ 
-(HI) 
Now  return  to  the  original  triangle  (I)  and  consider  the  result  of  a  
rotation  of  240°  to  the  left.  You  will  notice  that  the  outcome  of  
R|-240  is  identical  to  R
r
-120.  Thus,  R|-240  
ar
>d  Rr-120  are  inverse  
functions. 
Or, symbolically, if R|-240 "
s
 f> then Rr-120 "
s
 f"
1
In these examples, we see that the effect of some functions can be 
reversed by other functions. When this occurs, the second is said 
to  be  the  inverse  of  the  first.  This  same  patterning  occurs  in  the  
therapeutic context. 
Now,  let  us  return  to  a  consideration  of  the  use  of  the  
Meta-model  by  the  therapist.  Using  the  same  example  of  the  
Surface Structure, 
I'm scared. 
the  Meta-model  challenge  by  the  therapist  to  Surface  Structures  
such as I'm scared, when presented by the client, is: 

Formal Notation / 169 
Scared of whomjwhat? 
Notice  that  the  therapist  takes  as  input  the  Surface  Structure  
which  contains  the  deletion  and  demands  the  deleted  part.  
Another  way  of  representing  this  process  is  by  stating  that  the  
Meta-model challenge is a demand on the part of the therapist for 
the client to perform the inverse operation; in symbols, then: 
d"
1
 (I'm scared) ---------------*- (SCARE [someone/thing, me]) 
and then report the result to the therapist. 
GATHERING INFORMATION 
In order  to  act  effectively  in  assisting  the  client,  the  therapist  
must  come  to  an  understanding  of  the  client's  model  and  the  
modeling  processes  which  the  client  uses  to  organize  his  experi-
ence. The first set of questions or challenges from the Meta-model 
based  on  the  form  of  the  client's  Surface  Structures  involves  the  
Meta-model distinctions: 
Deletion; 
Lack of referential index; 
Unspecified verbs; 
Nominalizations. 
The  formal  characteristic  which  links  each  of  these  distinctions  
and its corresponding Meta-model challenges is that the challenge 
is  the  inverse  of  the  Meta-model  distinction  which  has  been  
violated. 
Parallel  to  the  deletion  example,  when  the  therapist  detects  a  
Surface  Structure  representation  which  includes  a  noun  phrase  
without  a  referential  index  —  that  is,  the  client's  modeling  per-
formance  in  going  from  Reference  Structure  to  Deep  Structure  
results  in  the  loss  of  a  referential  index  —  the  Meta-model  chal-
lenge  is  to  demand  the  inverse  modeling  process.  Thus,  the  
exchange: 
Client: People scare me. 
Therapist: Who, specifically, scares you? 
or, in symbolic form:    Client (r) Therapist [Client (r"
1
)] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

MO I PART V 
The  remaining  two  distinctions  and  their  associated  Meta-model  
challenges  are  also  inverses  and  have  a  parallel  symbolic  
representation: 
Unspecified Verbs: 
Client: My father scares me. Client (v) Therapist: 
How, specifically, does he scare you? 
Therapist [Client (v"
1
)] 
and 
Nominalizations: 
Client: I want respect. Client (n) Therapist: 
Whom do you want to respect you? Therapist 
[Client (n"
1
)] 
Thus,  in  the  first  phase  of  therapeutic  work  —  gathering  
information  —  the  formal  generalization  is  that  the  therapist's  
response is to demand that the client perform the inverse linguistic 
modeling  operation.  Letting  the  Greek  Symbol  OC  represent  the  
class of the four Meta-model distinctions specified by the symbols: 
d, r, v, and n then the 
generalization is: 
Client: <=K 
Therapist [Client ( <=K ~
l
)] 
Within this group, there are two other relations which we wish 
to  point  out.  First,  the  r  and  v  processes  and  their  associated  
Meta-model  challenges  r"
1
  and  v"
1
  are  identical  processes  except  
for  the  domain  (the  set  of  things  to  which  they  apply)  over  which  
they  are  defined.  The  process  r  maps  (associates  with)  nouns  with  
referential indices into nouns without referential indices, while the 
process  v  maps  verbs  which  are  relatively  specified  into  less  speci-
fied verbs. The processes r"
1
 and v"
1
 are the inverse mappings: 
r"
1
 (noun phrase without referential index)-»-(noun phrase with 
referential index) 
v"
1
 (verb relatively unspecified)-----------------»-(verb relatively 
more specified) 
Thus, the domain of the functions r and r"
1
 is noun phrases and 
the domain of the v and v"
1
 is verbs. 
Secondly,  the  first  three  distinctions  are  involved  in  producing  
the fourth — in other words, n and n""
1
  are complex functions 

Formal Notation /171 
which factor into the first three processes, plus a category shift. In 
the  course  of  the  nominalization  process,  the  linguistic  represen-
tation  shifts  from  that  of  a  predicate  to  a  noun  representation,  
from  a  process  representation  to  an  event  representation.  Thus,  
the client goes from a Deep Structure representation: 
Deep Structure", 
Pred d 
e r i 
v a t i 
o n 
Surfa
 
worry 
ce 
Structure 
Predicate 
A
 
worries 
the frustration 
me 
that is, the Su
frustrate   someone/thing   someone   with something 
,-S
rface Structure representation: 
The frustration worries me. Client (n) The therapist 
responds with the Meta-model challenge: 
Whose frustrating whom worries you? Therapist [Client (n"
1
)] 
One patthich we have noticed again and again ern of learnng wi
in  our  trainirs  is  that  people  learning  the  Meta-model  ninag  sem
have  a  tendcome  caught  in  a  cycle;  they  often  describe  ebency  to  
their  experience  "as  going  around  and  around  and  getting  no-
where."  Thisccurs  when  the  therapist  remains  in  these    cycle  o
first-level  pa  the  pro,  n  and  the  inverse  tterns  incesses  d,  r,  v
patterns; d"
1
, r"
1
, v"
1
, and n"
1
. The reader will notice that this is a 
common pattern at other levels of structure. In polarity work, for 
exaty  —  the  mple,  if  the  therapist  plays  the  opposite  polari
inverse at that level of patterning — then the client will continue 
to  b  e  stuck  in  the  dominant  polarity  or  the  polarity  which  is  the
inverse of the one the therapist is playing. 
In  order  to  break  this  vicious  cycle,  the  therapist  refines  his  
ability  to  hear  and  challenges  the  distinctions  which  are  charac-
teristic of the next phase. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

172/PART V 
IDENTIFYING THE LIMITS OF THE CLIENT'S MODEL(S) 
In the  second  phase  of  therapy,  the  most  useful  Meta-model  
distinctions are those which identify the limits of the model which 
the client is using to organize his ongoing experience. Specifically, 
these include: 
modal operators semantic 
ill-formedness 
Cause-Effect 
Mind-reading 
Lost Performative 
When  the  client  uses  Surface  Structures  which  include  a  modal  
operator of possibility or necessity, he is, literally, identifying the 
limits  of  his  model.  His  communication  is  a  direct  language  
representation  of  the  portion  of  his  model  which  has  inadequate  
choices,  or,  more  often,  no  choice  at  all.  Notice  that  the  Meta-
model challenges to modal operators are requests for the client to 
fill in a larger level deletion while presupposing the semantically ill-
formed modeling process of Cause-Effect. For example: 
Client: I can't leave home. Therapist: What would 
happen if you left home? or 
Therapist: What stops you from leaving home? 
In the first therapist's Meta-model response, the client's statement 
is accepted as a Cause of something, and the client is requested to 
specify  what  the  Effect  would  be  of  doing  what  is  claimed  to  be  
impossible. In the second case, the client's statement is accepted as 
an Effect and the client is requested to specify what the Cause of 
this supposed impossibility is. In both cases, the client's statement 
is  accepted  by  the  therapist  as  a  portion  of  a  semantically  ill-
formed Cause-Effect relationship (as either X or /in the following 
form): 
X    causes    Y 
and  the  client  is  requested  to  supply  the  material  which  has  been  
deleted  in  the  mapping  from  Reference  Structure  to  Deep  Struc-
ture.  Thus,  the  d  and  d"
1
  patterns  occur  at  this  next  level  of  
patterning.  In  the  first  phase,  the  d  and  d"
1
  processes  were  those  
which  occurred  between  the  Deep  Structure and the Surface 

Formal Notation / 173 
Structure;  here,  in  phase  2,  the  d  and  d"
1
  processes  are  operating  
between the Reference Structure and the Deep Structure. 
The  client's  response  to  the  Meta-model  challenges  to  modal  
operators  will  be  one  of  the  forms  of  semantic  ill-formedness.  
Minimally,  since  the  therapist's  challenge  presupposes'a  seman-
tically ill-formed Cause-Effect relation, the client's response will 
be  ill  formed  in  that  specific  way.  In  addition,  the  client  may  
respond with the other forms of semantic ill-formedness: 
Mind Reading 
/ know that my father would feel bad if I left home. Lost 
Performative 
It would be wrong to leave home. 
The  Meta-model  challenge  to  Mind  Reading  is  the  v"
1
  challenge  at  
this level of structure: 
Therapist:   How,   specifically, do you  know  that your 
father. . . ? 
The  Meta-model  challenge  to  the  lost  performative  is  the  d"
1 
challenge at the first level of patterning — a deletion inverse which 
applies  between  Deep  and  Surface  Structure  (as,  in  fact,  the  
linguistic  representation  of  performative  deletion  is  a  Deep  Struc-
ture  to  Surface  Structure  process).  If  the  client  responds  with  a  
Cause-Effect statement such as: 
My father's feeling bad stops me from leaving home. 
then,  the  usual  Meta-model  challenge  v"
1
  applies,  requesting  that  
the client specify the process by which this claimed causal connec-
tion occurs. 
More  important  for  understanding  the  overall  strategy,  how-
ever,  is  the  fact  that  the  two  major  forms  of  semantic  ill-
formedness,  Cause-Effect  and  Mind-Reading,  are  the  linguistic  
representations  of  fuzzy  functions  over  which  the  client  is,  at  
present,  exercising  no  control.  Thus,  the  emergence  of  modal  
operators and the successful applications of the d"
1
, r"
1
^"
1
 and n"
1
 
processes   at   level   1   (between   Deep   Structure   and   Surface   
Structure)  and  at  level  2  (between  Reference  Structure  and  Deep  
Structure) signal the therapist that it is time to move into the third 
phase  —  that  of  selecting  the  technique  for  assisting  the  client  in  
changing. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

 I PART V SELECTING THE TECHNIQUE 
FOR CHANGE 
Here the therapist is ready to select a technique for assisting 
the client in changing. In the first two phases, he has identified the 
portions  6f  the  client's  model  which  are  impoverished  and  then  
the  limits  of  the  client's  model.  In  challenging  these  limits,  the  
therapist  receives  from  the  client  the  identification  of  the  major  
semantically  ill-formed  modeling  process  involved  in  the  client's  
organization  of  this  portion  of  his  model.  The  selection  and  
implementation  of  an  effective  technique  for  change  will  be  the  
therapist's  major  task  in  this  phase.  In  order  to  make  a  good  
selection, the therapist can construct and evaluate what we call the 
instantaneous  description  of  the  client.  By  an  instantaneous  
description, we mean a representation of the client which gives the 
minimal amount of information sufficient to allow the therapist to 
select  and  implement  an  effective  technique  for  change.  In  our  
experience, we have evolved a six-tuple — a vector which has 
six  positions  for  information.  Each  of  these  six  positions  or  
variables  has  various  possible  values  called  the  range  of  the  
variable.  The  complete  vector  consists  of  the  instantaneous  
description of the client and includes information sufficient for 
the selection and employment of a change technique. We represent 
the vector as: 
<l, R,O, S, F, M> 
where: 
I     is a variable covering the input channel which the client is 
using for this problem; R   is a variable  covering the  
client's  Most Highly Valued 
Representational System for this problem; 
0    is a variable covering the Output Channel which the client 
is using for this problem; S    is a variable  covering 
the  client's Satir Category under 
stress for this problem; F    is a variable covering the 
type of Semantic Ill-Formedness 
which the client is using for this problem; M   is the 
most frequently occurring violation of the Meta- 
model distinctions for this problem. 
We now list the six variables and their associated ranges: 
1    =   { V (visual), K (kinesthetic), A (auditory), D (digital)} 
R   =    { V (visual), K (kinesthetic), A (auditory), D (digital)} 

Formal Notation / 175 
O 
S 
F 
M 
{ V (visual), K (kinesthetic), A (auditory), D (digital)} 
| 1 (placating), 2 (blaming), 3 (super-reasonable),) 
 4 (irrelevant) / 
 CE (cause-effect), MR (mind reading),I 
 LP (lost performative) J 
d (deletion), v (unspecified verb), r (lack of I 
referential index), n (nominalization)     j 
=   f 
For example, consider the following: 
Michael  is  telling  his  therapist  about  his  inability  to  cope  with  
assignments  at  college.  He  begins  by  stating  in  a  whining  tone  of  
voice that he "feels crushed by the amount of work." And school 
is  destroying  his  sense  of  confidence.  "I  tried  complaining  to  my  
professors  about  the  inadequacy  of  the  educational  system,  but  
they  only  patronize  me.  And  I  feel  even  worse  when  I'm  trying  to  
explain to them and their expression of being sorry for me — I just 
get sick to my stomach." 
As  Michael  presented  his  story,  his  body  was  gesturing  by  
pointing his finger as if scolding a child and his hand was pounding 
on the arm of the chair. 
An  instantaneous  description  of  Michael  could  be  taken  by  the  
following process: 
 
I=V Primary 
Input 
Visual 
He saw amount of work and 
expression of sorrow. 
R = K 
Represen-
tational 
system 
Kinesthetic 
Felt crushed, feel even worse, 
sick to stomach. 
S = 2 
Satir 
category 
Blaming 
Pointing finger, harsh tone, com 
plaining to professors. Referen-
tial index of responsibility. 
F = CE 
Semantic ill-
formedness 
Cause-Effect 
Work makes him feel crushed. 
Professors make him feel sick. 
School is destroying his self-
confidence. 
M = N 
Meta-model 
violation 
Nominalization 
School, sense of confidence. 
Inadequacy of educational 
system. Expression of sorrow. 
O = D 
Output 
channel 
Digital Complains as he talks. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

1 PART V 
So  the  resulting  primary  equation  or  instantaneous  description  
would be represented as: 
Michael    -      (V, K, D, 2, CE, n) 
when the general form of the vector is 
(I,R,O,S,F,M) 
Now the question arises of how this representation can be a useful 
skill  and  tool  for  the  therapist.  Better  stated,  what  set  of  condi-
tions would permit a therapist to formulate a strategy for effective 
therapy  devoid  of  content?  This  brings  us  to  the  concept  of  
Next-Step  Function.  A  next-step  function  would  be  the  appro-
priate  strategy  for  therapy,  or  the  set  of  conditions  which  would  
indicate  the  needed  technique  for  some  well-formed  outcome  in  
therapy.  Once  again,  the  notion  of  well-formedness  becomes  an  
invaluable tool. 
As  you  will  recall,  we  stated  in  Parts  II and III that  well-
formed  sorting  of  polarities  is  required  for  integration  to  take  
place and for growth and coping to occur. Also, you will remem-
ber  that,  in  the  section  on  fuzzy  functions,  ill-formed  equations  
resulted  in  a  lack  of  choice  and  thus  inadequate  coping.  Michael's  
equation  (instantaneous  description)  from  above  is  not  well  
formed. Visual information is being represented kinesthetically — 
a fuzzy function which is causing him pain and blocking him from 
getting  the  things  he  wants  from  life.  In  order  to  construct  a  
strategy for therapy based on his description, we must first map 
out the well-formedness constraints. 
WELL-FORMEDNESS CONSTRAINTS FOR THERAPY 
The  following  section  will  present  the  formal  constraints  for  
well-formed  therapy;  however,  it  is  not  our  intention  in  this  
volume  to  be  either  exhaustive  or  complex.  We  understand  that  
most  therapists  do  not  have  an  extensive  background  in  advanced  
logic or group theory, so the following will remain at a low level of 
complexity  representing  only  the  most  necessary,  essential  
patterns for effective therapy. Although this will result in only the 
simplest  formal  notational  system  for  therapy,  we  believe  it  best  
serves the purpose of providing serious clinicians with a viable tool 
at a level they will be able both to understand and to utilize as a 
tool for simultaneous diagnosis and treatment of the clients whom 

Formal Notation /177 
they are assisting to have more choices about their lives. 
To  build  a  viable  formal  notational  system  for  therapy,  we  
must,  of  course,  as  we  did  in  the  section  on  Fuzzy  Functions,  be  
able to notate incongruities and polarities. So we can add now to 
our  system  double  entries,  one  representing  each  set  of  para-
messages. 
instantaneous description A    (I, R, O, S, F, M) 
instantaneous description B     (I, R, O, S, F, M) 
This  will  allow  us  to  build  two  levels  of  constraints  for  well-
formed  therapy.  First,  the  relationship  between  the  members  of  
one  set,  and,  second,  the  relationship  between  sets  of  instanta-
neous  descriptions.  What  follows  are  two  sets  of  necessary  well-
formedness  conditions  for  a  well-formed  instantaneous  description  
in  therapy.  Once  these  have  been  established,  we  can  proceed  to  
construct  the  rules  of  derivation  that  will  transform  ill-formed  
descriptions into well-formed descriptions. This will not only give 
us explicit strategies for therapy but also a viable way of knowing 
when we have accomplished the task of therapy and when change 
has  occurred.  The  therapist  who  uses  this  tool  will  at  last  be  freed  
from the nagging question of knowing when he is finished, or if he 
has accomplished anything, which, in our experience, is the plight 
of most of the therapists we meet. 
1.   An instantaneous description will be well formed when: 
where i = j 
(that  is,  when  the  system  the  person  uses  to  represent  his  experi-
ence  is  the  one  most  naturally  associated  with  the  input  channel  
through  which  he  received  the  information,  e.g.,  as  input  and  as  
representational system) 
and will be considered ill-formed when: 
where i =£ j 
Essentially, this condition states that fuzzy functions will not be 
considered well formed. Specifically, for example, any description 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

M8/PARTV 
in which visual information is simultaneously represented kines-
thetically is not a well-formed description. 
The  simultaneous descriptions  in  the  left-hand column are ill 
formed while those in the right-hand column are well formed. 
(V,K, _,_,_,_) (V, V, _,_,_,_) 
(A, K, _,_,_,_) (A, A, _,_,_,_) 
(A, V, _,_,_,_) (K,K, _,_,_,_) 
(K, A, _,_,_,_) (D,D, _,_,_,_) 
2.   An instantaneous description will be well formed when: (_, 
Ri, _, Sj, _, _) 
where i and j have the following paired values: 
K   1   
V  2  
A     3 
All other paired values will be considered ill formed in therapy. 3.   
An instantaneous description will be well formed when: 
where  paired  values of i and j are not one of the 
following: 
i__j 
K     2 K     
3 
Note  that  all  other  relationships  are  not  necessarily  well  formed  —  
they can be ill formed in relation to values of other variables in the 
six-tuple  vector.  For  example,  the  paired  values  for  the  S  and  O  
variables given by the instantaneous description, 
are well formed by our well-formedness condition 3. However, 
when the value of the M parameter is n, the instantaneous descrip- 

Formal Notation / 179 
tion is ill formed. In other words, while the pair K 1 is well formed 
for the parameters O and S, the triplet, 
is  ill  formed.  We  are  aware  that  the  three  well-formedness  condi-
tions  presented  above  are  not  exhaustive  for  the  well-formedness  
conditions for six tuples. We offer them as an example of the way 
in  which  a  full  model  of  the  set  of  well-formed,  instantaneous  
descriptions can be developed. 
WELL-FORMEDNESS CONDITIONS FOR PAIRS 
OF INSTANTANEOUS DESCRIPTIONS 
We  present  two  examples  of  the  translation  of  techniques  
presented in this volume into the formal notation to show the way 
in  which  the  six-tuple  can  be  used  to  assist  you,  as  a  therapist,  in  
organizing  your  experiences  in  your  work.  Sets  of  simultaneous  
descriptions  are  of  value  in  working  with  incongruities  in  a  single  
individual and in the context of family therapy. In the first case — 
that  of  individual  therapy  —  the  six-tuple  provides  a  way  of  
defining  the  notions  of  congruity  and  incongruity.  We  define  a  
function,  Q,  over  the  set  of  values  occurring  in  the  parameter  O  
such that, 
Q (Oj) = meaning of the message carried by the output 
channel Oj 
Given  the  function  Q  and  an  instantaneous  description,  incon-
gruity can be defined as the case in which there is more than 
one entry for the value of the O parameter, such that, 
Q(Oi)*Q(Oj) 
(where # means is not consistent with) 
for the same individual. In other words, given a six-tuple represen-
tation for the same individual, 
where Q (O,) ^ Q (Oj)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

180/PART V or, 
equivalently, 
{----,   -- ,0;,  --- ,  --- ,  --- ) 
and 
where Q (Oj) * Q (Oj) 
the  individual  identified  as  c
1
  is  incongruent.  If  Oj  and  Oj  are  
presented  at  the  same  time,  then  the  six-tuple  representations  
above  identify  a  simultaneous  incongruity  —  the  case  discussed  in  
detail in the first portion of Part II. The client is presenting more 
than  one  message,  and  they  do  not  match  or  fit  together.  If  the  
above  six-tuple  representations  are  of  the  same  client  at  two  
different  points  in  a  therapeutic  session,  then  they  represent  
sequential  incongruity.  For  example,  in  the  second  phase  of  
incongruity  work,  the  client  will  have  a  set  of  instantaneous  
descriptions which meet the condition given below: 
Q(0i)#Q(0j) 
for all i and j 
Congruency,  in  the  language  of  the  six-tuple,  is  the  condition  
which occurs when: 
Q (0;) = Q (Oj) = ,...., = Q (O
k
) = ,...., = Q (O
n
) 
for the same client at the same point in time. 
We can generalize this process to other parameters and present 
a formal description of the point at which the therapist can know 
that  Phase  II  of  the  incongruency  work  is  finished  and  he  may  
move with confidence to Phase III, integration. 
A  pair  (set)  of  instantaneous  descriptions  will  be  well-formed  
with  respect  to  the  completion  of  Phase  II of  incongruency  work  
when  each  six-tuple  meets  the  well-formedness  conditions  speci-
fied above and, 
U Ri,Oj,S
k)
_, _)
c
, 
U Ri',Oj\S
k
',_,_)
c
i 
where 
Rj =£ Rj' 
and 
Q(0j)*Q(0j') 

Formal Notation / 181 
and 
S
k
*S
k
' 
for all i, j and k 
This  well-formedness  condition  shows  that  Phase  II  of  incongru-
ency  work  is  complete  when  there  is  a  maximal  separation  of  the  
representational systems, output messages, and Satir categories. 
As  a  second  example,  we  present  the  technique  of  playing  
polarity. Suppose the therapist notices that the client is presenting 
incongruent  messages  —  that  is,  suppose  the  client  presents  the  
therapist with the instantaneous description, 
 
where Q(Oj)*Q(O
k
) 
Suppose,  further,  that  the  therapist  determines  that  Q  (Oj)  is  
consistent  with  V  as  a  value  for  the  representational  system  
variable, and that Q (O
k
) would be consistent with K and 1 as 
the values for the R and S variables. The therapist now decides 
to play polarity as described in Part II of this volume. Essentially, 
in  the  formal  notation  we  are  developing  here,  the  therapist  
arranges  his  own  instantaneous  description  to  be  more  forceful  
than the instantaneous description presented by the client. In this 
particular case, he has two choices: 
or 
Since  the  client  is  already  presenting  the  therapist  with  an  instan-
taneous  description  which  is  closer  to  the  second  instantaneous  
description  presented  above,  the  therapist  is  interested  in  learning  
about  the  specific  ways  in  which  the  client  will  present  the  less  
dominant  polarity.  Therefore,  the  therapist  chooses  to  play  the  
client's  more  dominant  polarity,  insuring  that  the  client  will  flip  
polarities. Thus, the therapist arranges himself to present the client 
with the experience of: 
(_, V, Oj, 2, _, _) The  client,  responding to the shift 
in the therapist, will then 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

Ml I PART V 
change  to  the  less  dominant  polarity,  based  on  the  Q  (O|<)  mes-
sage.  The  therapist  then  has  an  understanding  of  the  client's  two  
polarities  with  which  to  work  with  him  to  make  the  changes  he  
wants and needs for himself. 
As  a  second  example,  consider  the  usefulness  of  the  six-tuple  
approach  to  family  therapy.  One  of  the  important  checks  which  
the therapist will make in the context of working with a family is 
to insure that the family members are able to exchange messages 
of appreciation (feedback) for one another. In the terminology we 
are  developing  here,  the  therapist  is  working  to  insure  that  the  
family  members  have  a  set  of  instantaneous  descriptions  which  
will  have  overlaps  between  the  input  and  output  channels  of  the  
family members sufficient to allow them to send and receive those 
messages  of  appreciation  (feedback).  Thus,  one  way  that  the  
therapist  can  use  the  six-tuple  approach  is  to  evaluate  the  well-
formedness of the entire family system. For example, the follow-
ing set of instantaneous descriptions identifies a family system in 
which communication between members 2 and 4 is not possible — 
an  ill-formed  set  of  instantaneous  descriptions  with  respect  to  
family communication possibilities: 
(,,,_,_,_)
C
, 
(K,  K,  D,_,_,_)
C
2 
(A,  K,  K,  _,  _,  _)  3  
(VKD) 
Notice  that,  in  this  family  system,  the  family  member  c
3
  is  the  
pivot  member  with  respect  to  communication.  Each  of  the  other  
family  members  has  a  digital  (D)  output  system  as  primary  
(language)  and,  furthermore,  since  family  member  c
3
  has  kines-
thetic (K) as his primary output system, he can communicate with 
family  member  c
2
  kinesthetically  (touching,  for  example)  and  
with  both  family  members  c
1
  and  c
4
  by  body  movements  (a  K  
output  system  for  c
3
),  since  both  of  them  have  the  ability  to  see  
those  body  messages.  (They  both  have  a  visual  input  system  as  
primary.) 
NEXT-STATE FUNCTIONS 
As  we  mentioned  in  the  beginning  of  this  part,  the  most  
general  representation  for  the  process  of  change  which  occurs  in  
therapy using functional notation is: 

Formal Notation / 183 
therapist (client statej) ----------------------------- »-(client statej) 
While  this  representation  is  accurate,  it  is  of  no  value  to  us  as  
practitioners of the art of therapy and change as it is too general 
to  be  of  value  in  organizing  and  guiding  our  behavior  in  the  
therapeutic  context.  As  we  have  continuously  emphasized  with  
concepts  such  as  models  of  the  world  and  the  dangers  which  
accompany the Lost Performative, the value of any representation 
(mathematical,  verbal,  etc.)  must  be  relativized  to  its  use.  The  
question which we have found of value in our work is not whether 
the  models  we  have  constructed  are  true  or  accurate  but,  rather,  
whether  they  are  useful  in  our  work  of  assisting  clients  to  gain  
more  choices  in  the  areas  of  their  behavior  in  which  they  desire  
more options, and, simultaneously, of course, will result in again 
of more choices for us as effective, dynamic therapists. 
Furthermore,  as  we  stated  previously,  to  employ  the  func-
tional notation in a way that is useful requires that we are able to 
identify: 
(1)  The sets of experiences being associated (the domain and 
range); 
(2)  The regularities in the way these sets are associated (the 
function,  rule of correspondence or rule of association 
connecting the sets). 
One  of  the  most  useful  concepts  which  we  have  adopted  in  our  
work  comes  from  an  area  of  mathematics  known  as  Automata  
Theory,  the  theory  of  abstract  machines.  This  branch  of  mathe-
matics  is  closely  connected  with  modern  linguistic  theory.  Noam  
Chomsky,  for  example,  the  founder  of  modern  transformational  
linguistics,  developed  several  of  the  proofs  basic  to  the  field  of  
automata  theory.  The  concept  which  we  wish  to  introduce  is  
implicit  in  what  we  have  already  presented  in  this  part  —  the  
notion  called  the  next-state  function.  Essentially,  the  next-state  
function  is  another  way  of  describing  a  function.  Stated  simply,  
given a certain state of the world and an action, some other state 
of  the  world  will  result.  As  with  the  functional  notation  which  we  
have  already  introduced,  the  next-state  function  notation  requires  
only that we be able to identify: 
(a)  A  set  of  variables  which  adequately  describe  for  the  
purposes  for  which  we  wish  to  use  the  model  the  initial  
state  of  the  world  (or  the  portion  of  the  world  we  are  
interested in modeling) — the domain of the function — 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

\&4/PARTV 
and a set of variables which adequately describe the set 
of possible resultant states of the world — the range of the 
function. 
(b)  A  set  of  variables  which  adequately  describe  the  set  of  
acts which we are interested in understanding and of which 
we are building a model — the function or rule of associa-
tion connecting the sets. 
The  six-tuple  which  we  have  developed  in  our  work  is  a  first  
approximation to a set of variables which will serve as the basis 
for  an  adequate  description  of  a  formal  model  for  therapeutic  
change.  Fortunately,  this  same  set  of  variables  serves  as  an  
adequate  descriptive  vocabulary  for  both  the  domain  and  the  
range of the next-state functions which we have found effective in 
our  therapeutic  work  and  in  our  work  of  constructing  explicit  
models  of  the  powerful  therapeutic  maneuvers  of  well-known  
therapists  such  as  Virginia  Satir  and  Milton  H.  Erickson  (see  
Patterns of the Hypnotic Techniques of Mi/ton H. Erickson, M. D., 
Bandler  and  Grinder,  Meta  Productions,  1975).  As  we  specified  
when  we  introduced  the  notion  of  instantaneous  description,  each  
of  the  six  variables  has  a  small  number  of  possible  values.  Since  
the number of possible values is small, the six-tuple has worked as 
a  highly  efficient  and  powerful  model,  both  in  our  own  therapy  
and  in  our  teaching  in  our  Therapist  Training  Seminars.  It  has  
allowed  people  training  to  be  therapists  to  organize  their  experi-
ence  in  the  complex  environment  of  ongoing  face-to-face  therapy  
with clients in such a way as to allow them to assist their clients in 
rapid,  lasting,  and  satisfying  change.  Now,  using  the  functional  
notation  we  have  offered,  we  can  refine  the  maximally  general  
representation of change in therapy given previously to: 
f (1, R, O, S, I-F, M)
c ----------------------------
-(I, R, O, S, I-F, M)
c
where  the  variables  of  the  six-tuples  listed  have  
the  full  possible  range  of  values  specified  previ-
ously, 
and 
f is the next-state function 
and 
the  subscript  c  identifies  the  six-tuple  as  the  cli-
ent's instantaneous description 
The model which we have presented, then, makes the claim that 
the art of therapeutic change involves human changes which can 
be described adequately with the vocabulary of the six-tuple. 

Formal Notation / 185 
The  set  of  six-tuples  which  may  occur  in  the  range  of  the  
function f are  a  proper  subset  of  the  set  of  all  logically  possible  
combinations  of  the  values  of  the  variables  of  the  six-tuple.  In  
other  words,  the  outcome  of  the  therapeutic  encounter  is  re-
stricted  to  certain  vectors  or  instantaneous  descriptions  of  the  
client. This is one way of capturing the belief that, in therapy, not 
every  change  is  considered  a  successful  outcome;  rather,  only  
certain  kinds  of  change.  The  specific  way  in  which  we  have  
developed  restrictions  on  the  set  of  all  possible  instantaneous  
descriptions  to  identify  those  which  are  acceptable  outcomes  (or  
next-states) for therapy is the use of well-formedness conditions of 
the  six-tuple.  For  example,  the  following  instantaneous  descrip-
tion of a client after therapy is not acceptable or well formed in 
our model: 
In  other  words,  a  client  whose  instantaneous  description  identifies  
him  as  a  blamer  with  a  kinesthetic  output  system  is  not  a  well-
formed  outcome  for  therapy  in  our  model.  Thus,  the  model  we  
present,  specifically,  the  range  of  the  function,  can  be  further  
specified: 
f (I, R, O, S, I-F, M) --------------------------(Y) 
where Y is the set of acceptable six-tuples as speci-
fied  by  the  well-formedness  conditions  for  instan-
taneous descriptions 
Next,  consider  the  domain  of  the  function.  In  traditional  medical  
and  psychotherapeutic  models,  the  domain  of  the  therapeutic  
function is the set of syndromes, the patterns of symptoms, or the 
basis of diagnosis. If diagnosis has any value in therapy, it is only 
so  in  that  it  identifies  commonly  occurring  instantaneous  descrip-
tions of clients seeking therapeutic assistance and at the same time 
specifies a set of appropriate and effective maneuvers or interven-
tions  on  the  part  of  the  therapist  or  doctor.  It  is  with  both  of  
these  criteria  in  mind  that  we  constructed  the  present  model.  At  
present,  we  have  not  restricted  the  domain  of  the  function  in  any  
way — there are no logical possibilities in the set of all six-tuples of 
which  we  are  aware  which  could  not  occur.  As  we  indicated  in  
various  parts  of  this  volume,  there  are  frequently  occurring,  ill-
formed  six-tuples.  For  example,  one  of  the  most  common  ill-
formed combinations is: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

U6/PARTV 
(li.Rj -------,C-E,_) 
where  i  =£  j  (that  is,  where  the  client  whose  six-
tuple this is has a fuzzy function — he represents 
his  experience  from  one  input  channel  in  a  non-
associated representational system) 
The Meta-Tactic which we indicated is that of assisting the client 
in breaking the fuzzy function to give him the choice of: 
Ui>    j>    >    >    >    ) 
where i = j 
or the fuzzy function represented above. 
Notice  that,  with  this  last  discussion,  we  have  begun  the  
process  of  specifying  the  set  of  therapeutic  functions  —  the  class  
represented in our notation by the symbol f. The complete specifi-
cation of f would be a formalization of the set of effective thera-
peutic  maneuvers  or  interventions  for  acceptable  therapeutic  
change. Employing the concept of next-state function, 
f is the set of all functions such that 
f{X
) ------------------------------^(Y) 
where X is the set of all possible six-tuples and Y is the set 
of well-formed six-tuples. 
In words, f is any therapeutic intervention, any action on the part 
of  the  therapist,  which  results  in  a  next-state,  instantaneous  
description  which  meets  the  well-formedness  conditions  for  six-
tuples.  The  Meta-model  challenges  we  have  developed  in  Volume  I  
of  the  Magic series  are  an  explicit  and  adequate  set  of  therapeutic  
interventions at the verbal level. These challenges specify for the 
set  of  all  possible  verbal productions  by  the  client  (the  client's  
Surface  Structures)  the  appropriate  verbal intervention  by  the  
therapist.  These  verbal interventions  are  purely  formal  —  inde-
pendent  of  content.  At  the  level  of  structure  of  the  six-tuple,  the  
Meta-Tactics  which  we  have  developed  function  in  the  same  
capacity  as  the  Meta-model  challenges  do  at  the  verbal  level  of  
structure.  Consider,  for  example,  the  set  of  Meta-Tactics  for  
working with the client who displays incongruity in his communi-
cation.  Suppose  that  the  client  has  an  instantaneous  description  
such as: 
(_, K, _ 2, _, _)
c

Formal Notation / 187 
The therapist's task is to sort this simultaneous incongruity into a 
sequential  incongruity  —  in  other  words  to  convert  the  above  
six-tuple into a pair of six-tuples, each of which is well formed, 
 
 
__> K,__, 1,__,__) 
In  the  terms  stated  in  the  portion  of  the  book  on  incongruity  
work, the therapist must sort the paramessages into two congruent 
polarities. We listed there a number of Meta-Tactics for achieving a 
well-formed  sort.  Take  the  Meta-Tactic  1  —  movie/play  director.  
Here  the  therapist  uses  verbal  instructions  and  kinesthetic  instruc-
tions (molding the client's body into a more congruent posture). 
In  this  case,  the  value  of  f is  the  set  of  verbal  and  kinesthetic  
inputs  from  the  therapist  to  the  client.  Another  way  in  which  the  
therapist can maneuver is to use the technique of playing polarities 
(presented  in  the  incongruity  chapter).  Faced  with  the  six-tuple  
above,  the  therapist  might  choose  to  arrange  all  his  output  
channels  in  a  way  which  is  more  forceful  than  one  of  the  
polarities  partially  displayed  by  the  client  in  the  six-tuple  above.  
For  example,  the  therapist  may  choose  to  present  the  client  with  
the following six-tuple: 
(__, V, _, 2, _, _)
t
   where t =  therapist 
The result of the therapist's playing polarity in this specific way will 
be for the client to flip to the other polarity represented partially 
in the original six-tuple: 
(_, K, _, 1, _, _)
c
In the next state function notation which we have presented, then, 
this  entire  portion  of  the  therapeutic  encounter  in  which  the  
therapist  identifies  and  sorts  the  client's  incongruent  paramessages  
can be represented as: 
( _  V, __, 2,  ____)
t
 [(  _ K, _ 2, _, _J
c
 ] -------*.(__ K,__1---------)
c
This translation of one of the therapist's techniques into the formal 
notation  demonstrates  one  important  feature  —  namely,  that  an  
adequate vocabulary for describing the set of therapeutic interven-
tion, the set f, will include the same vocabulary which serves as the 
vocabulary for the domain and range of the set of functions f. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

188/PART V 
A  complete  formalization  of  therapy  would  identify  for  each  
member  of  the  set  of  logically  possible  six-tuples  (that  is,  the  
domain of the function), a set of maneuvers or interventions (the 
set f) and the specific outcome or client's next-state (restricted to 
the  set  of  well-formed-in-therapy  six-tuples)  which  are  the  result  
of  the  operation  of  each  of  the  members  of  /"specified  as  appro-
priate  for  the  initial  state  the  client  presented.  The  complete  
formalization of therapeutic change is the research domain for the 
ongoing  activity  of  people-helpers.  The  actual  experience  of  
working  with  the  process  of  change  in  the  context  of  people  in  
therapy must lead into this area if the resulting formalized model 
is to be useful. Our purpose in this portion of Magic II has been to 
establish  a  notational  system  with  a  vocabulary  adequate  to  assist  
therapists  in  organizing  and  communicating  their  experience  in  a  
way  which  will  immediately  allow  them  to  improve  their  skills  as  
people-helpers  and,  ultimately,  to  develop  a  full,  formal  model  of  
change adequate to meet the needs of the people who come to us 
for  help.  In  the  following  section,  we  present  an  example  of  
effective therapeutic change in which the therapist employs several 
of  the  Meta-Tactics  which  we  presented  previously  with  parallel  
formalization  of  the  therapeutic  encounter,  using  the  formal  
notational  system  we  have  presented  here.  We  hope  that  this  will  
serve as a guide and a first step in establishing the complete formal 
model for therapeutic change. 
ILLUSTRATION OF A FORMAL NOTATION 
AS A TOOL FOR THERAPY 
The  following  is  a  formal  representation  of  a  portion  of  a  
complete  therapeutic  session  for  the  purpose  of  assisting  you  in  
adapting this system in your own work, whether clinical, research 
or theoretical. The purpose here is to demonstrate how this formal 
notation  can  serve  as  a  diagnostic  tool  at  the  same  time  that  it  
provides  a  strategy  for  the  clinician  to  guide  his  behavior  in  
therapy,  assisting  the  clinician  from  whatever  school  of  therapy  in  
developing an effective plan to assist his clients in changing in a 
way which results in the desired choices for the client. 
Tom has been referred by his probation officer for therapy. He 
is  a  "juvenile  delinquent"  who  is  serving  time  in  an  institution  for  
beating up his sister and generally anyone else he gets the chance 
to. Strangely enough, he is quite remorseful over his actions, but 
he  continues  to  steal  and   fight  and   then apologizes.  He was 

Formal Notation / 189 
presented to the authors as one of those "you can't do it" cases by 
friends who are clinicians and seem very much to enjoy testing the 
authors at every chance. However, this also appeared to us to be 
an excellent opportunity to demonstrate to our friends the value 
of  formal  notation  (something  they  scoffed  at)  and,  at  the  same  
time, help Tom, if we could. We consulted Tom to find out if he 
was  willing  to  participate  in  our  demonstration.  He  agreed  and  
even  seemed  quite  genuine  in  his  desire  to  overcome  his  "prob-
lems."  The  session  began  with  Tom  telling  the  authors  what  he  
believed he needed to change about himself. We wrote an instanta-
neous description on the blackboard as he spoke. 
1.    (V, K, D, 2, CE, _)
c
After  identifying  the  ill-formed  description,  one  of  the  authors  
commented to the watching clinicians about the R and S variables 
with  values  K  and  2,  respectively,  and  the  variables  I  and  R  with  
values  V  and  K,  respectively,  describing  choices  of  applying  the  
inverse  function  of  Meta-model  questions  or  the  development  of  
new representational systems. Then the other choice, the next-step 
function  tactic  called  playing  polarity,  was  done  by  that  author  
adopting  part  of  Tom's  description  and  applying  it  as  a  next-step  
function with Tom. 
2.    ( _ ,     _ ,     D
v
, 2, _, _)
t
 [(V, K, D, 2, CE, _)
c
 ] 
where  D
v
   identifies the language output of the 
therapist using visual predicates 
The result was a change in his description to: 
3.   (V,K,D,1,MR,V)
C
Now having two instantaneous descriptions, the authors explained 
how choices could be based on the two descriptions, either build-
ing  new  representational  systems  directly  or  applying  Meta-model  
inverse  functions.  A  double  bind  could  be  constructed.  Many  
choices were available, but the most obvious was to sort the sets of 
vectors  into  polarities,  using  any  of  the  techniques  for  that  
purpose provided in this volume. We chose to use spatial sorting of 
polarities,  as  kinesthetic  was  his  most  highly  valued  represen-
tational  system  and  would  be  the  easiest  technique  to  use  witn  
him. Two chairs were placed facing each other, in Gestalt fashion, 
using  spatial  locations  and  the  sorting  principles  of  Satir  category  
and  representational  system  predicates  as  gauges  of  a  well-formed  
sort of paramessages and maximal separation. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

\90 / PART V 
The resulting sort was two sequentially expressed polarities: 
(V,V,Dj,2,CE, J) 
and 
(V, K,Dj,1,MR,_) 
where Q(Dj)^Q(Dj) 
Having  sorted  the  polarities  into  a  well-formed  split,  the  authors  
explained the number of choices available to him to move into the 
third  phase  of  polarity  work,  integration.  Both  polarities  must  
now  be  mapped  into  the  same  representational  system;  this,  of  
course,  can  be  done  in  a  number  of  ways  and  in  a  number  of  
systems. A next-state function that must be applied to achieve this 
mapping,  however,  has  the  same  formal  characteristics,  no  matter  
what  technique  is  employed.  The  formal  notation  of  this  function  
itself suggests a number of approaches; for example, since: 
(_, V, _, _, _, _) 
and 
U K, _, _, _, J) 
we might select the unused representational system for Phase 3. At 
this  time,  the  authors  paused  to  review  the  process  which  had  
occurred and to give the observers some strategies to decide what 
the best technique was for mapping polarities into contact and the 
client into meta-position. Basically, we reasoned that, since Tom's 
most  highly  valued  representational  system  is  kinesthetic  (K)  and  
his  ability  to  access  visually  is  poorly  developed  as  a  represen-
tational system, mapping into V would be difficult. Mapping into 
K  would  be  easy;  however,  the  choice  of  another  representational  
system  would  develop  a  new  way  of  representing  his  experience  
for  Tom.  We  understand  that,  unless  an  input  channel  is  totally  
closed,  the  information  arriving  through  that  channel  is  repre-
sented  in  the  associated  representational  system  —  even  though  it  
may have no relationship to the polarities and coping with which 
we  are  working  directly.  Since  the  most  well-formed  function  in  
therapy  is  the  one  which  results  in  a  congruent,  instantaneous  
description  or  vector,  we  proposed  to  try  what  might  be  called  
complex  integration  (integration  which  does  more  than  just  solve  
one ill-formed coping pattern — one which opens many channels 
to  growth  and  potential  for  the  client).  Our  strategy  for  this  is  a  
simple  one:  to  map  Tom's  polarities  simultaneously  into  K  
through D and A, resulting in simultaneous representation — that 

Formal Notation / 191 
is,  meta-position.  Simultaneous  representation  in  K  can  be  quite  
uncomfortable, as you may have noticed if you have ever watched 
and  listened  in  therapy  to  a  couple  argue,  when  you  were,  your-
self,  either  see-feeling  or  hear-feeling.  For  the  purpose  of  a  
dramatic  demonstration  (the  authors  being  showmen  at  heart  and  
realizing  that  dramatic  demonstrations  motivate  clinicians  to  
undergo  the  struggle  of  learning  new  techniques  and  ways  of  
approaching  therapy),  we  chose  for  each  of  the  authors  to  play  
one of Tom's polarities as if we were that part of him. And to do 
it  simultaneously  and  more  forcefully  than  he  could.  We  
explained calmly to him as follows: 
Therapist: Tom,  you  understand  that  there  are  two  parts  of  
yourself,  one  in  that  chair  who  gets  angry  and  yells.  He  
wants  you  to  stand  up  for  yourself  and  not  get  pushed  
around. He sees things happen he doesn't like and tells you 
you  should  beat  up  people,  and  not  be  a  sissy,  is  that  
right? 
Tom: Yes. 
Therapist: And  you  have  another  part,  over  there,  who  is  
afraid sometimes and feels it is wrong to hurt people, or to 
say mean things to them and hurt their feelings. He tells 
you  to  apologize  and  to  be  a  good  guy  so  people  will  like  
you, is that right? 
Tom: Yes. I have both of them, and they fight with each other 
just like what I have been doing in these two chairs, only 
in my head until I blow up. Then I do the wrong thing and 
get  in  trouble  again.  And  all  along  I  know  better  and  
everybody  tells  me  I  know  better,  but  I  just  sort  of  lose  
control  of  this  one  (points  to  chair  of  blaming  polarity)  
and  whamo!  Then  that  one  (points  to  placating  chair)  
comes  along  and  tells  me  to  apologize,  calls  me  names  
(notice predicate shift), and everybody thinks I'm crazy. 
Therapist: You're  not  crazy  and  I  think  we  can  get  you  
through this if you will stick it out through something that 
might  be  a  little  unusual  and  maybe  a  little  scary.  John  is  
going  to  play  the  part  of  you  which  gets  angry,  that  one  
over  there,  and  I'm  going  to  play  the  part  of  you  which  
tells  you  to  apologize  and  be  a  good  boy,  that  one  over  
there. Will you play with us and promise to stay with it to 
the end? 
Tom: Sure, if you think it will help 
Therapist: Good. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

I PARTV 
Both  the  authors  immediately  and  abruptly,  taking  Tom  by  
surprise,  began  to  argue  with  each  other,  just  as  Tom  had  done  
when  his  polarities  were  first  spatially  and  then  maximally  sorted  
into a well-formed pair of vectors. 
((_,_, D
v>
 2, CE.v) John 
,_,D
k)
 1, MR, v) Richard 
The  authors  exaggerated  this  process,  each  demanding  simulta-
neously that Tom listen to him, accede to his demands, and ignore 
the other author. 
Essentially,  this  put  Tom  in  the  meta-position  of  receiving  
both of his own polarities simultaneously in each of his input and 
associated representational systems. 
Q (Oj) John     \ 
 > *- as input to Tom 
Q (OJ) Richard j 
Contact  and  meta-position  have  now  been  
achieved, the resulting message response — output channel — was 
pure  auditory:  a  scream  and  a  digital  "shut  up."  Final  recoding  
and integration were the next step. 
 J 
where i
The authors now persistently demanded that Tom take control 
of  them  as  his  parts,  or  they  would  resume  the  simultaneous  
playing of his two polarities, demanding that he listen to each and 
mediate  from  a  position  of  control  between  the  two,  recognizing  
the  resources  of  each  verbally,  and  then  himself  building  a  viable  
structure  in  which  each  part  would  have  freedom  to  be  expressed,  
acknowledging the need to use both for balance. 
Tom thereby recoded his parts from the source of his troubles 
to resources to  cope  with  the  task  of  living.  After  verbally  re-
coding  each  part,  integration  was  achieved  in  his  kinesthetic  
system,  having  him  take  from  each  author  the  defined  
abilities, one in each hand, and delicately  weaving  them  together  
and  spreading  them  throughout  his  whole  self  (body,  eyes,  etc.).  
Recoding,  of  course,  does  not  really  occur  outside  in  the  client's  
hands, but the kinesthetic act is accompanied by neurologically 

Formal Notation / 193 
constructing  a  new  map  for  the  territory  where  previously  there  
had been two conflicting maps. The resulting vectors were a set of 
instantaneous directions; Tom's choices: 
(V,  V,  D
v
,  2,  CE,  _)
c 
(K,   K,K,   1,MR,_)
C 
(A, D, D, _,   _,  _)
c
Although  this  is  not  a  totally  well-formed,  instantaneous  de-
scription, the changes in Tom were substantial for one session, and 
these  changes  were  apparent  to  those  around  him.  This  session  
served  as  an  adequate  example  of  how  a  formal  notation  system  
helps both to clarify what happens in the process of therapy and 
to serve as a guide for clinicians to design their own techniques 
and strategies for assisting their clients in the process of change. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

 

Epilogue
 
In the two volumes of The Structure of Magic, we have tried in 
the  best  way  we  know  how  to  show  some  of  the  many  patterns  
that  therapists  of  every  school  have  in  common.  We  never  had  the  
intention of starting a new school of therapy; we wished, rather, 
to start a new way of talking about therapy so that the similarities 
of  different  schools  approaching  the  task  of  helping  people  to  
change  could  be  understood.  We  wished  to  demonstrate,  not  that  
any  particular  approach  to  therapy  is  any  more  potent  than  any  
other  approach,  but  that  all  forms  of  therapy  assist  their  clients  in  
changing. So the question is no longer which approach is the best; 
it is how such seemingly different approaches all can work. 
The answer we presented in these first two volumes is basically 
a  simple  one.  All  the  techniques  of  every  form  of  therapy  are  
techniques  which  affect  the  processes  of  representation,  the  
creation  and  organization  of  a  client's  model  of  the  world.  To  the  
degree that techniques induce change in a client's modeling of the 
world  is  the  degree  to  which  they  will  be  effective  in  assisting  a  
client  to  change.  As  a  client's  model  of  the  world  changes,  his  
perceptions change and so, too, does his behavior. The processes 
by which a person's model of the world becomes impoverished are 
the  same  processes  by  which  it  can  be  enriched  —  the  processes  of  
Deletion,  Distortion,  and  Generalization.  All  forms  of  therapy,  all  
the  techniques  of  the  different  forms  of  therapy  —  in  fact,  all  
learning  —  can  be  understood  in  terms  of  the  processes  of  
representation. 
We   have  always found   it  uncanny that the techniques of 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

1961 Epilogue 
therapy mirror so precisely the disorders of the mind found in the 
chronic  wards  of  mental  hospitals.  Techniques  of  age  regression;  
techniques  of  disassociation,  such  as  the  sorting  techniques  pre-
sented  in  Part  II  of  this  volume;  the  Gestalt  techniques;  the  
projective  techniques  of  art  therapy  .  .  .  the  list  goes  on  and  on,  
permutations  of  every  form  of  therapy.  We,  as  therapists,  in  
essence  use  the  formal  patterns  present  in  psychotic  and  schizo-
phrenic  behavior  to  assist  our  clients  in  growing  and  changing  in  
ways  which  enrich  their  lives.  This  suggests  that  Ronald  Laing  is  
right  when  he  describes  schizophrenia  as  a  natural  process  of  
change.  The  therapist's  role  is  more  that  of  a  guide  using  the  
natural  processes  already  at  work  in  people  all  of  the  time.  We  
have  found  in  our  experience  that  the  behavior  of  schizophrenics  
and psychotics is highly repetitious — it is as if they are stuck in 
one  pattern  which  they  follow  over  and  over  again.  We  have  often  
thought  that  they  are  living,  perhaps,  in  a  repetitive  dream  which  
must  be  dreamt  again  and  again,  seeking  the  resolution  to  some  
incomplete pattern. 
We  have  also  thought  that  these  "mentally  ill"  people  are  
simply an exaggerated example of the way most human beings live 
their  lives,  that  perhaps  they  have  been  locked  up  —  hidden  from  
view  —  because  they  are  a  symbol  of  the  repetitious,  dried  up,  
colorless  lives  which  many  "normal"  human  beings  live.  In  some  
sense, this was the purpose of the human potential movement — to 
make psychology available to everyone, so that all of us could live 
happier and more creative lives. Fritz Perls once said, " . . . . Man 
lives in a state of low grade vitality. Though generally he does not 
suffer deeply, he also knows little of true creative living." 
With  this  thought  in  mind,  we  ask  you  to  think  of  The 
Structure of Magic as we do: we understand it to be not only a 
book  for  changing  personality  but,  also,  to  be  the  first  book  on  
creative and generative personality. 
Finally,  we  would  like  to  remind  the  readers  of  the  two  
volumes of The Structure of Magic that it is only a way of talking 
about it. 

Bibliography
 
Altshuler and  Comalli,  in  the Journal of Auditory Research, 
Washington, D.C. Bach-y-Rita,  P. Brain Mechanisms in 
Sensory Substitution.  New 
York: Academic Press, 1972. Bandler, R., and Grinder, J. 
Patterns of the Hypnotic Techniques 
of Milton H. Erickson, M.D. Cupertino, Calif.: Meta Publica-
tions, 1975. Bandler, R., and Grinder, J. The Structure of Magic 
I. Palo Alto: 
Science and Behavior Books, 1975. Bateson, G. Steps to an 
Ecology of Mind. New York: Ballantine 
Books, 1972. Chomsky, N. Aspects of the Theory of Syntax. 
Cambridge, Mass.: 
MIT Press, 1965. 
Chomsky, N. Syntactic Structures. The Hague: Mouton, 1957. 
Dimond,  S.,  and  Beaumont,  K. Hemispheric Functions in the 
Human Brain. New York: John Wiley & Sons, 1974. Fagen, J.  
(ed.). Cestalt Therapy Now.  Palo Alto: Science and 
Behavior Books, 1970. Gazzaniga, M. The Bisected Brain. 
New York: Appleton, Century, 
& Croft, 1974. Haley, J. (ed.). Advanced Techniques of 
Hypnosis and Therapy: 
Selected Papers of Milton H. Erickson, M.D. New York: Grune 
and Stratton, 1967. Haley,   j.  Strategies of Psychotherapy.  
New York: Grune and 
Stratton, 1963. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	
			    	 

1981 Bibliography 
Jackson, D. D. Therapy, Communication and Change. Palo Alto: 
Science and Behavior Books, 1968. Korzybski, A. Science 
and Sanity.   Lakeville, Connecticut: The 
International  Non-Aristotelian  Library Publishing Company, 
4th Edition, 1933. Laing, R. D. The Politics of the Family and 
Other Essays. London: 
Vintage Books, 1972. Perls, F. The Gestalt Approach: 
Eyewitness to Therapy. Palo Alto: 
Science and Behavior Books, 1973. Russell,   B.  Introduction 
to Mathematical Philosophy.   London: 
George Allen and Unwin, Ltd., 2nd Edition, 1921. Russell, B. 
Principia Mathematica. London: Cambridge University 
Press, 1910. 
Satir, V. Conjoint Family Therapy. Palo Alto: Science and Behav-
ior Books, 1964. Satir, V. Helping Families to Change.   Hays,  
Kansas: The High 
Plains   Comprehensive   Community   Mental   Health   Center, 
1972. Satir, V. Peoplemaking.  Palo Alto: Science and 
Behavior Books, 
1972. Schuchman,  G.,  and   Burgi,   E. J.,   in   the Journal of 
Auditory 
Research, Washington, D.C. Watzlawick, P.; Weakland, J.; and 
Fisch, R. Change. New York: W. 
Norton, 1974. 