

THE   STRUCTURE
OF
MAGIC
I
A  Book  about  Language
and  Therapy
By
RICHARD  BANDLER
and
JOHN  GRINDER

Science and  Behavior Books, Inc.
Palo Alto, California 94306
©  Copyright  1975  by  Science  and  Behavior  Books,  Inc.  Printed  in  the  United
States  of America.  All  rights  reserved.  This book or  parts thereof may  not be
reproduced  in  any form without written  permission  of the  Publisher.
Library  of Congress  Card  Number  75-12452
ISBN 08314-0044-7
Cover design from  an  original oil  painting expressly  done for
Magic I by Josh Doolan.
Typography            by  Penguin  «  Santa Clara, California

DEDICATION
We dedicate this book
to
Virginia Satir
in  appreciation  for giving us
her  intuitions  about
people.
These intuitions are
the basis of what
follows
in  this  book.
Thank you,  Virginia.
We
love  you.
381538

TABLE  OF  CONTENTS
Preface
Warning to  the  Reader                                                                          1
Chapter  1  - THE  STRUCTURE  OF  CHOICE                                   5
Experience and  Perception  as an
Active  Process                                                                    8
Models and  Therapy                                                               13
So  What?                                                                                 18
Chapter  2  - THE  STRUCTURE  OF  LANGUAGE                         21
The  Meta-Model  for  Language                                              24
Some  Universals  of the  Human
Linguistic  Process                                                            25
The Transformational  Model                                                27
An  Overview                                                                           35
Chapter  3  - THE  STRUCTURE  OF  MAGIC                                  39
The  Meta-Model                                                                      40
Deep Structure  and  Beyond                                                  45
Challenging  Deep Structure                                                   46
An  Overview                                                                           53

Table  of Contents  /  iv
Chapter  4  -  INCANTATIONS  FOR  GROWTH
AND  POTENTIAL                                                                 57
Deletion                                                                           59
Distortion — Nominalizations                                          74
Generalization                                                                  80
Well-Formed  in Therapy                                                 107
Chapter 5  -  INTO  THE  VORTEX                                             111
Transcript  1                                                                   112
Transcript  2                                                                   134
Chapter 6 - ON  BECOMING  A
SORCERER'S APPRENTICE                                              155
The  Second  Ingredient:
Reference  Structures                                                157
Enactment:  The  Instant  Replay
of  Experience                                                           164
Guided  Fantasy — A Journey
into  the  Unknown                                                    166
Therapeutic  Double  Binds                                              169
Other  Maps for the  Same Territory                                172
Congmity                                                                       174
Family Therapy                                                              176
Conclusion  -  STRUCTURE  OF  THE  FINAL
INCANTATION  OF  BOOK  I                                               179
TABLE  OF CONTENTS  FOR
THE STRUCTURE OF MAGIC II                                        181
Appendix A:  A BRIEF OUTLINE OF
TRANSFORMATIONAL  GRAMMAR                                 183
Appendix  B:  SYNTACTIC  ENVIRONMENTS  FOR
IDENTIFYING  NATURAL  LANGUAGE
PRESUPPOSITIONS  IN  ENGLISH                                      211
Glossary                                                                                     215
Bibliography                                                                               219

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
We would  like to thank all  of those who  have  been helpful  in the
completion  of this book:  Jim  Anderson  and  Kristofer Bakke,
without whom this book would  have taken twice as long, and the
makers of  Folgers Coffee, without  whose fine  product we would
not  have  made  it through  the  long nights.

FOR   WORD
WOW!  What  could  anyone  say about  having their work  looked
at  by  four  fine  eyes  in  the   heads  of  two  very  capable  human
researchers?   This   book   is   the   outcome  of  the  efforts  of  two
intriguing,  smart,  young  men  who  are  interested  in  finding  out
how  change  takes  place  and  in  documenting  the  process.  They
seem   to   have   come   up  with   a  description  of  the  predictable
elements  that  make  change  happen  in  a  transaction  between  two
people.  Knowing  what  these  elements  are  makes  it  possible  to  use
them  consciously  and,  thus,  to  have  useful  methods for  inducing
change.
I  often  say  to  people  that  I  have  a  right  to  be  a  slow  learner
but  educable.  What  this  means  to  me  as a therapist  is that  I  have
only  one  thought — to help the people who come to me  in  pain  to
make  changes  in  their  lives.  How  I  use  my  body,  my  voice,  my
eyes,  my  hands,  in addition to the words and the way  I  use words,
is  my  only  tool.  Since  my  goal  is  to  make  change  possible  for
everyone, every someone offers a new challenge.
Looking back, I  see that, although  I  was aware that change  was
happening,  I  was  unaware  of  the  specific  elements  that  went into
the   transaction   which    made   change   possible.   For   years,   I
wondered  what  it  would  be  like  to  be  on  the  other end  of me, to
view  myself working,  to  view the  process of change from  the  other
side.  The  authors  spent  hours  looking  at  video  tapes and  listening
to  audio  material,  and  they  found  patterns  emerging  which  they
could document. I  do something,  I feel it,  I  see it, my gut responds
to  it —  that  is  a subjective  experience.  When  I  do  it with  someone

viii  /  Foreword
else,  their  eyes,   ears,  body   sense   these  things.   What  Richard
Bandler  and  John  Grinder  have  done  is  to  watch  the  process  of
change  over a  time  and  to  distill  from  it  the  patterns  of  the  how
process.  What  they  learned  relates  particularly,  in  a sophisticated
way, to mathematics, physics,  neurology  and  linguistics.
It  would  be  hard  for  me  to  write  this  Foreword  without  my
own  feeling  of excitement,  amazement  and thrill  coming through.
I  have been a teacher of family therapy for a long time, as well as a
clinician  and  a  theoretician.  This  means  that  I  have  seen  change
taking  place  in  many  families, and  I  have  been involved  in training
many family  therapists.  I  have  a  theory about how I  make  change
occur.  The  knowledge of the  process  is now considerably  advanced
by  Richard  Bandler  and  John  Grinder,  who  can talk  in a way that
can  be  concretized  and   measured  about  the  ingredients  of  the
what that goes into making the how possible.
Virginia M. Satir

INTRODUCTION
It  is  a  strange  pleasure  to  write  an  introduction  for  this  book
because  John  Grinder  and  Richard  Bandler  have  done  something
similar to what my colleagues and  I  attempted fifteen  years ago.
The  task  was  easy  to  define:  to  create  the  beginnings  of  an
appropriate    theoretical    base   for    the    describing    of    human
interaction.
The  difficulty  lay  in  the  word  "appropriate"  and  in  the  fact
that  what  was  to  be  described  included  not  only  the  event  se-
quences  of  successful  communication  but  also  the  patterns  of
misunderstanding and the pathogenic.
The  behavioral sciences, and especially psychiatry, have always
avoided   theory,   and   it   is   easy   to   make  a  list  of  the  various
maneuvers  whereby  theory  could  be  avoided:  the  historians  (and
some  anthropologists)   chose  the  impossible  task  of  making  not
theory  but   more  data  out  of  what  was  known  —  a  task  for
detectives  and  courts  of  law.  The  sociologists  trimmed  the  com-
plex  variations  of  known  fact  to  such  an  ultimate  simplicity  that
the  clipped  nuggets  could  be  counted.  Economists  believed  in
transitive  preference.  Psychologists  accepted  all  sorts  of  internal
explanatory  entities  (ego,  anxiety,  aggression,  instinct,  conflict,
etc.)  in a  way  reminiscent of  medieval  psycho-theology.
Psychiatrists  dabbled  in  all  these  methods of explanation; they
searched  for  narratives  of childhood  to  explain  current  behavior,
making  new  data  out  of  what  was  known.  They  attempted  to
create  statistical  samples  of  morbidity.  They  wallowed  in  internal
and   mythical   entities,   ids   and   archetypes.   Above   all,   they

Introduction  j  x
borrowed the concepts of physics and mechanics — energy, tension, and the like — to create a scientism.
But  there   were   a  few   beginnings  from  which  to  work:  the
"logical  types"  of  Russell  and  Whitehead,  the  "Games Theory"  of
Von  Neumann,  the  notions  of  comparable  form  (called  "homol-
ogy"  by  biologists),  the  concepts  of  "levels"  in  linguistics,  Von
Domarus'   analysis   of  "schizophrenic"   syllogisms,  the  notion  of
discontinuity  in  genetics  and  the  related  notion  of binary  informa-
tion.  Pattern  and  redundancy  were  beginning  to  be  defined. And,
above  all,  there  was  the  idea  of  homeostasis and  self-correction  in
cybernetics.
Out  of  these  scattered  pieces  came  a  hierarchic  classification  of
orders  of  message  and  (therefore)  of  orders  of learning,  the  begin-
nings  of  a  theory  of  "schizophrenia"  and  with  it an  attempt, very
premature,  to  classify  the  ways  in  which  people  and  animals code
their  messages (digital, analogic, iconic,  kinesic, verbal, etc.).
Perhaps  our  greatest  handicap  at  that  time  was  the  difficulty
which  the  professionals  seemed  to  experience  when  they  tried  to
understand   what   we   were   doing.   Some   even   tried   to   count
"double  binds"  in  recorded  conversations.  I  treasure  somewhere  in
my  files  a  letter from  a  funding  agency  telling  me  that  my  work
should  be  more  clinical,  more  experimental,  and,  above  all,  more
quantitative.
Grinder  and  Bandler  have  confronted  the  problems  which  we
confronted  then  and  this  series  is the  result. They  have tools which
we  did  not  have — or did  not  see how  to  use. They  have  succeeded
in   making   linguistics  into  a  base  for  theory  and  simultaneously
into  a  tool  for  therapy.  This  gives  them  a double control  over the
psychiatric  phenomena,  and  they  have  done something which, as  I
see  it today,  we  were foolish  to  miss.
We   already   knew   that   most   of  the   premises  of  individual
psychology  were  useless,  and  we  knew  that  we  ought  to  classify
modes  of  communicating.  But  it  never occurred  to  us  to  ask  about
the  effects  of  the  modes  upon  interpersonal  relations.  In  this first
volume,  Grinder  and  Bandler  have  succeeded  in  making  explicit
the  syntax  of  how  people  avoid  change  and,  therefore,  how  to
assist them  in  changing.  Here  they  focus on  verbal  communication.
In  the  second  volume,  they  develop  a  general  model  of communi-
cation  and   change  involving  the  other  modes  of  communication
which   human   beings   use   to   represent  and   communicate   their
experience.  What  happens when  messages  in  digital  mode  are flung
at  an  analog  thinker?  Or  when  visual  presentations  are  offered  to
an auditory  client?
We  did   not   see  that  these  various  ways  of  coding  —  visual,

Introduction  /  xi
auditory,  etc.  —  are  so  far  apart,  so  mutually  different  even  in
neurophysiological  representation,  that  no  material  in  one  mode
can  ever  be  of  the  same  logical  type  as  any  material  in  any  other
mode.
This  discovery  seems  obvious  when  the  argument  starts  from
linguistics,  as  in  the  first  volume  of  the  present  series,  instead  of
starting from culture contrast and  psychosis, as we did.
But,  indeed,  much  that  was  so  difficult  to  say  in   1955  is
strikingly  easier to  say  in  1975.
May it be heard!
Gregory Bateson
Kresge College
University  of California,  Santa Cruz

Preface
Down  through  the  ages  the  power  and  wonder  of practitioners
of  magic  have  been  recorded  in  song  and  story.  The  presence  of
wizards,  witches,  sorcerers,  shamen,  and  gurus  has  always  been
intriguing  and  awe  inspiring  to  the  average  person.  These  people  of
power,  wrapped  in  a  cloak  of  secrecy,  presented  a striking contra-
diction  to  the  common  ways  of dealing with  the world.  The  spells
and  incantations  they  wove  were  feared  beyond  belief and,  at the
same  time,   sought  constantly  for   the   help  they  could   provide.
Whenever   these   people  of  power  publicly  performed  their  won-
ders,  they  would  both  shatter  the  concepts  of  reality  of that  time
and   place  and  present  themselves  as  having  something  that  was
beyond  learning.  In  modern  time,  the  mantle of the  wizard  is  most
often   placed   upon  those  dynamic  practitioners  of  psychotherapy
who  exceed  the  skill  of  other  therapists  by  leaps  and  bounds,  and
whose  work  is so  amazing to  watch  that  it  moves  us with  powerful
emotions,  disbelief,  and  utter confusion.  Just as with  all  wizards of
the  ages  of  the  earth  whose  knowledge  was  treasured  and  passed
down  from  sage  to  sage  —  losing and  adding  pieces but retaining a
basic  structure  —  so,  too,   does  the   magic  of  these  therapeutic
wizards  also  have structure.
The  Prince  and  the  Magician
Once  upon  a time there  was  a young  prince  who  believed  in  all
things  but  three.   He  did  not   believe   in   princesses,   he  did  not
believe  in  islands,  he  did  not  believe  in  God.  His  father,  the  king,
told  him  that  such  things  did  not  exist.  As  there  were  no  prin-

xiv / Preface
cesses  or  islands  in  his  father's  domains,  and  no  sign  of  God,  the
prince  believed his  father.
But  then,  one  day,  the  prince  ran  away  from  his  palace  and
came  to  the  next  land.  There,  to  his  astonishment,  from  every
coast  he  saw  islands,  and  on  these  islands,  strange  and  troubling
creatures  whom  he  dared  not  name.  As  he  was  searching  for  a
boat,  a  man  in  full  evening  dress  approached him  along the shore.
"Are those real islands?" asked the young prince.
"Of  course  they  are  real  islands,"  said  the  man  in  evening
dress.
"And those  strange  and troubling creatures?"
"They are  all genuine and authentic princesses."
"Then  God must also exist!" cried the prince.
"I am God," replied the man in evening dress, with a bow.
The young prince returned home as quickly as he could.
"So, you are back," said his father, the king.
"I  have  seen  islands,  I  have  seen  princesses,  I have  seen God,"
said the  prince reproachfully.
The king was unmoved.
"Neither  real islands, nor real princesses, nor a real God exist."
"I  saw them!"
"Tell me how God was dressed."
"God was in  full evening dress."
"Were the  sleeves of his coat rolled back?"
The  prince  remembered  that  they  had  been.  The  king  smiled.
"That  is  the  uniform  of  a magician.  You have  been deceived."
At  this,  the  prince  returned  to  the  next  land  and  went  to the
same  shore,   where  once  again  he  came  upon  the  man  in  full
evening dress.
"My  father,  the  king,  has  told  me  who  you  are,"  said  the
prince  indignantly.  "You  deceived  me  last  time,  but  not  again.
Now  I  know  that  those  are  not  real  islands  and  real  princesses,
because you are a magician."
The man on the shore smiled.
"It  is  you  who  are  deceived,  my  boy.  In  your  father's  king-
dom,  there  are  many  islands  and  many  princesses.  But  you  are
under your father's spell, so you cannot see them."
The  prince  pensively  returned  home.  When  he  saw  his  father,
he looked him in the eye.
"Father,  is  it  true  that  you  are  not  a  real  king,  but  only  a
magician?"
The  king smiled and rolled back his sleeves.
"Yes, my son, I'm only a magician."
"Then the man on the other shore  was God."

Preface / xv
"The  man on the other shore  was another magician."
"I  must  know the truth, the truth  beyond magic."
"There is no truth beyond magic," said the king.
The prince  was  full of sadness.  He said,  "I  will  kill  myself."
The  king  by  magic  caused  death to  appear. Death stood in the
door   and   beckoned  to   the   prince.   The  prince  shuddered.  He
remembered  the  beautiful  but  unreal  islands  and  the  unreal  but
beautiful  princesses.
"Very  well," he said,  "I  can bear it."
"You  see,  my  son,"  said  the  king,  "you, too, now begin to be
a magician."
Reprinted from The Magus, by John Fowles,
Dell Publishing Co., Inc.; pp. 499-500.

Warning  to  the  Reader
The   central   task   of   psychology,   whether   experimental   or
applied,  is  the  understanding  of human  behavior.  Human  behavior
is  extremely   complex.   To   say,   however,   that  our  behavior  is
complex  is  not  to  deny  that  it  has  structure.  In  general,  modern
psychology   has  attempted   to   understand   human   behavior   by
breaking  it  down  into  relatively  separate  areas  of  study  —  for
example,   the  areas  of  perception,  of  learning,  of  language   be-
havior,  of motor skills.  As our understanding of  each  of these  areas
grows,  we  continue  to  uncover  the  structure  of  the  human  be-
havior  being  described  —  to  find  that  human  behavior  is  rule
governed.
To  say  that  human  behavior  is rule governed  is not to  say  that
we  can  understand  it  in  simple  stimulus-response  terms.  In  the
study  of  human  languages,  for example,  the  kind  of rules  required
to  describe  this  behavior  is  beyond  the  capabilities of  S-R  theories
(Chomsky,  1957).  It  is  useful  for  an  adequate  understanding  of
this  book that you  distinguish  between  rule-governed  behavior and
determined  behavior.
Continuing  with  the  example of human  languages,  the  number
of   possible   sentences   in   each   human   language   (e.g.,   English,
Spanish,  etc.)   is  infinite.  In  other  words,  the  number  of  verbal
descriptions  of  human  experiences  is  limitless.  At  the  same  time,
the   number   of   forms   (syntax)   in   which   this   infinite   set   of
meanings  is represented  is highly  restricted — has structure — and,
therefore,  may  be  described  by  a  set  of  rules.  This  sequence  of
words  is  an  English  sentence.  It  has structure,  as  can  be  demon-

2 /  Warning to the Reader
strated  by  considering  the  result  of  reversing  the  order  of  words:
Sentence  English  an  is  words  of  sequence  this.
Similarly,  in  the   case  of  other  types  of  complex  human   be-
havior,  there  is  an  infinite  number  of  distinct  acts.  The  form  of
these  acts  will  have  structure  —  and, therefore, will  be describable
by  some  set  of  rules.  To  say  that  human  behavior  is  describable  by
some  set  of  rules  is  not  to  warrant that  our  behavior  is determined
or  predictable.
The   most   sophisticated   study   of  human,   rule-governed   be-
havior   is  the  study   of  human   language   systems.  Specifically,  a
group   of   linguists   known   as  transformational   grammarians   has
developed   a  set  of  rules  describing  the  forms  which  we  use  to
represent   and   communicate   our  experience  with   language.  Al-
though  transformational  grammar  is  a  young  discipline  (initiated
in  1955),  it  has  already  had  a  profound  effect  on  experimental
psychology,  especially  modern  learning  theory.  It  has  yet  to  have
an  impact  on  applied  psychology.  This  book  is  designed  to  make
the  insights  of  transformational  grammar  available  and  usable  to
those  people  who  work  with  complex  human  behavior.
There  are  three  important  pieces  of information  in  addition  to
the  above  background  which  we  want  you  to  have  as  you  begin
this  book:
1.   What's in  the book;
2.    How to  use  the  book;
3.    What you  can  expect  to  gain  from  using the  book.
1.    What's in the Book
This  book  is  designed  to  give  you  an  explicit  set of tools  which
will   help  you   to   become  a  more  effective  therapist.  Chapter  1
shows  that  we  do  not  operate  directly  on  the  world  in  which  we
live,  but  rather  that  we  create  models  or  maps  of  the  world  and
use   these   maps   to   guide  our  behavior.   Further,   it   states  that
effective   therapy   implies  some   change  in  the  way  that  a  client
represents  his experience.
Chapter  2  shows  you  the  structure  of one  specific  way  human
beings  represent their experiences — human  language systems. Chap-
ter  3  presents a  way  of using the structure  of  language  systems  as  a
set  of tools for operating in therapy. These tools are compatible with
every  form  of  psychotherapy  of  which  we  are  aware.  Chapter  4
presents  a  step-by-step  procedure for  learning and  using these tools.
Chapter  5  is composed of two transcripts with  commentary showing
the  use  of  these  tools  in  therapy.  Chapter  6  integrates  these  tools
with  a  number  of well-known,  non-verbal  techniques from  already
established  forms  of  psychotherapy.

Warning  to  the  Reader  /  3
2    How to  Use this  Book
This  book  is  not  a  novel,  and  we  recommend  that  you  not
attempt  to  read  it  as you  would  a novel. This book is a  manual  to
teach  you  a  set  of tools which will  increase your effectiveness as a
therapist. As with any manual, it should  be  read  and reread.
To  begin  this  learning  process  for  yourself,  a  general  overall
understanding  of Chapters  1,  2,  and  3  is  adequate.  Naturally,  the
more  thoroughly  you  understand  these  chapters,  the  more  effec-
tively  you  will  be  able  to  apply  the  specific  techniques  presented
in Chapter 4.
When  you  reach  Chapter  4,  slow  down.  This  chapter  consists
of a  set  of step-by-step  instructions to  give you  practice  in  the  use
of  the  techniques.  Since this book, the first of a series,  is primarily
concerned   with   verbal  techniques,  most  of  the  techniques  are
questions   based  on  the  form  of  the  client's  communication  in
therapy.  Each  of the  techniques  presented  in Chapter 4 should  be
studied  by  itself  in  order to give you  the optimum  skill  to  increase
your  effectiveness  as  a  therapist.  Each  of  these  techniques  has  at
least  one  step-by-step  exercise.  To  acquire  these  skills,  you  must
practice  them  -  USE  THE  EXERCISES.
Chapter  5  is  not  an  example  of  what  we  regard  as  powerful
therapy.  Chapter  5   is  designed  to  show  you  how  the  various
techniques  work  in  conjunction  with  one  another.  Read  through
the   transcript   with   its  commentary,   paying  attention   to   the
choices  that  the  therapist  has  and  the flow of the verbal  exchange
between  the  therapist  and  the  client.  You  may  also  wish  to  cover
the  commentary  and  to  consider  each  of  the  client's  sentences  in
turn,  to  determine  whether  you  can  identify  all  of  the  choices
each of these  sentences presents to you  as a therapist.
Read  through Chapter 6 carefully — its purpose is to teach you
to   use  Chapter  4  techniques  to  identify  the  appropriateness  of
some  of  the  better  known,  non-verbal  techniques.  If  any  of  the
non-verbal  techniques  presented  in  this  chapter  are  techniques  in
which  you  are  already  trained,  use  them  as  a  reference  point  to
integrate  other  techniques  which  you  find  useful  in  your therapy.
If  none  of  your  specific  techniques  is  presented,  pay  particular
attention  to  which  of  the  Chapter  4  techniques  you  are  using  in
therapy  when  you  become  aware  of  an  appropriate  place  for you
to employ  one of your own  specific  techniques.  This will  begin  the
process  of  integration  of  the  tools  presented  in  this  manual  with
your own  style  of therapy.
3.   What You  Can  Expect to Gain from  Using this  Book
Using  this  book  in  the  way  we  suggest  will  make  you  a  more

4 /  Warning to the Reader
effective therapist.  This will  happen specifically by:
1.   Learning  a  specific  set of questioning techniques  based
on  the client's verbal communications;
2.    Learning  how  the   use  of  particular  non-verbal  tech-
niques  may be indicated  by verbal cues.
The  overall effect of this  knowledge will  be to  give you a clear,
explicit  strategy  for your work  in  therapy.

Chapter  1
THE  STRUCTURE  OF  CHOICE
.  ..  operations  of  an  almost  mysterious  character,  which
run  counter  to  ordinary  procedure  in  a  more  or  less  para-
doxical  way. They  are methods which  give an onlooker the
impression   of   magic   if  he   be  not   himself  initiated  or
equally  skilled in the mechanism.
H. Vaihinger, The Philosophy of As If, p. 11
Out  of  the  ranks  of  modern  psychotherapy  have  emerged  a
number  of charismatic  superstars.  These  people seemingly  perform
the  task  of  clinical   psychology  with  the  ease  and  wonder  of  a
therapeutic  magician.  They  reach  into  suffering,  pain,  and  dead-
ness  of  others,  transforming  their  hopelessness  into  joy,  life  and
renewed  hope. Though  the approaches they  bring to this task  seem
varied  and  as different  as  day  and  night,  they  all  seem  to  share  a
unique  wonder  and  potency.  Sheldon  Kopp  described  his  experi-
ence of one such  person  in  his book Guru (p.  146):
Perls  had  enormously  powerful  personal  presence,  inde-
pendence  of  spirit,  willingness  to  risk  going  wherever  his
intuitive  feelings  took  him,  and  a  profound capacity  to  be
intimately  in  touch with anyone  who  was open to  working
with him....  It  is  not  unusual to  find yourself in  tears,  or
exhausted,  or joyful,  after  watching  another  being  guided
through  such  an  experience.  So  brilliant  was  his  intuition
and  so  powerful  were  his  techniques  that  sometimes  it
took  Perls  only  minutes  to  reach  the  person  on  the  hot
seat.  You  might  be  some  stuck,  rigid, long-dead character,

6  /  The  Structure  of Choice
seeking  help   and   yet   fearing   that   it   would  come   and
change  things.  He  would  put  you  on  the hot seat,  then do
his  magic.  If  you  were  willing  to  work,  it  was  almost  as
though  he  could  reach  over,  take  hold  of  the  zipper  on
your  facade,  and  pull  it  down  so  quickly  that  your  tor-
tured  soul  would  fall  out  onto  the  floor  between  the  two
of  you.
Perls  was  not,  and  most  certainly  is  not,  the  only  therapist  to
present   himself  or   herself   with   such   magical   potency.   Virginia
Satir  and  others  we  know  seem  to  have  this  magical  quality.  To
deny  this  capacity  or  to  simply  label  it  talent,  intuition,  or genius
is  to  limit  one's  own  potential  as  a  people-helper.  By  doing  this,
one   misses   the  opportunity  to   learn  to  offer  those  people  who
come  to  us  an  experience  which  they  may  use  to  change  their  lives
to  enjoy  the  fullness  of  living.  Our  desire  in  this  book  is  not  to
question   the   magical   quality   of  our   experience   of  these  thera-
peutic   wizards,   but   rather  to   show  that  this  magic  which  they
perform  —  like  other  complex  human  activities  such  as  painting,
composing  music,  or  placing  a  man  on  the  moon  —  has  structure
and    is,   therefore,   learnable,   given   the   appropriate   resources.
Neither  is  it  our  intention  to  claim  that  reading  a  book  can  insure
that  you   will  have  these  dynamic  qualities.  We  especially  do  not
wish  to  make  the  claim  that  we  have  discovered  the  "right"  or
most   powerful   approach   to   psychotherapy.
1
   We  desire  only  to
present   you   with   a  specific   set  of  tools  that  seem   to  us  to  be
implicit  in  the  actions  of  these  therapists,  so  that  you  may  begin
or   continue   the   never-ending   process   to   improve,   enrich,   and
enlarge  the  skills  you  offer  as  a  people-helper.
Since   this  set   of  tools   is  not  based   upon  some  pre-existing
psychological  theory  or  therapeutic  approach,  we  would   like  to
present  the  simple  overview  of  the  human  processes  out  of  which
we  have  created  these  tools.  We  call  this  process modeling.
Through  a  Glass Darkly
Where   the   logical  function   actively   intervenes,   it   alters
what  is   given  and  causes  it  to  depart  from  reality.  We
cannot   even   describe   the   elementary   processes   of   the
psyche  without  at  every  step  meeting  this  disturbing  — or
shall  we  say  helpful?  —  factor.  As  soon  as  sensation  has
entered  the  sphere  of  the  psyche,   it  is  drawn  into  the
whirlpool  of  the  logical  processes.  The  psyche  quite  of its
own  accord  alters  both  what  is  given  and  presented.  Two
things  are  to  be  distinguished  in  this  process:   First,  the

The Structure of Choice / 7
actual  forms  in  which  this  change  takes  place;  and  sec-
ondly,  the  products obtained  from the  original material by
this change.
The  organized  activity   of  the  logical  function  draws
into  itself  all  the  sensations  and  constructs  an inner world
of  its  own,  which  progressively  departs  from  reality  but
yet  at  certain  points  still  retains  so  intimate  a  connection
with  it  that  transitions  from  one  to  the  other  continually
take  place  and  we  hardly  notice  that  we  are  acting  on  a
double  stage  —  our  own  inner world (which, of course, we
objectify  as  the  world  of  sense-perception)   and  also  an
entirely  different  and  external  world.
H. Vaihinger, The Philosophy of As If, pp. 159-160
A   number  of  people  in   the  history  of  civilization  have  made
this  point  —  that  there  is  an  irreducible  difference  between  the
world   and   our   experience   of  it.   We  as   human   beings  do   not
operate  directly  on  the  world.  Each  of  us  creates  a  representation
of  the  world  in  which  we  live  — that  is,  we  create  a  map or model
which  we  use  to  generate  our  behavior.  Our  representation  of the
world   determines  to   a  large  degree  what  our  experience  of  the
world  will  be,  how  we  will  perceive  the  world,  what  choices  we
will  see available  to  us as  we  live  in  the world.
It  must  be  remembered  that  the  object  of  the  world  of
ideas  as  a  whole  [the  map  or model  — RWB/JTG]  is not
the  portrayal  of reality  — this  would  be  an  utterly  impos-
sible  task  —  but  rather  to  provide  us  with  an  instrument
for finding our  way about more  easily  in the world.
H. Vaihinger, The Philosophy of As If, p. 15.
No  two  human  beings  have  exactly  the  same  experiences.  The
model  that  we  create  to guide  us  in  the world  is  based  in  part  upon
our  experiences.  Each  of us  may,  then,  create  a different  model  of
the  world  we  share  and  thus  come  to  live  in  a somewhat different
reality.
.  .  . important  characteristics  of  maps  should  be noted.  A
map  is  not  the  territory it represents, but, if correct, it has
a  similar  structure  to  the  territory,  which  accounts  for  its
usefulness. . .
A.  Korzybski, Science & Sanity, 4th Ed., 1958, pp.
58-60.
We  want  to  make  two  points  here.  First,  there  is  a  necessary
difference  between  the  world  and  any  particular  model  or  repre-

8 / The Structure of Choice
sentation  of  the  world.  Second, the  models of the world  that  each
of  us  creates  will  themselves  be  different.  There  are  a  number  of
ways  in  which  this  can  be  demonstrated.  For  our  purposes,  we
have  divided   them   into   three  areas:
2
   neurological  constraints,
social constraints, and individual constraints.
EXPERIENCE AND  PERCEPTION  AS AN ACTIVE  PROCESS
Neurological  Constraints
Consider  the  human  receptor  systems:  sight,  hearing,  touch,
taste,  and  smell.  There  are  physical  phenomena  which  lie  outside
the  limits  of  these  five  accepted  sensory  channels.  For  example,
sound  waves  either  below  20  cycles  per  second  or  above  20,000
cycles  per  second  cannot  be  detected  by  human  beings. Yet these
physical   phenomena  are  structurally   the  same  as  the  physical
waves  which fall  between  these limiting figures:  the physical  waves
which  we  call sound.  In  the  human  visual  system,  we  are  able  to
detect  wave  forms only  between  380 and 680 milli-microns.  Wave
forms  above  or  below  these  figures  are  not  detectable   by  the
human  eye.  Again,  we  perceive  only  a  portion  of  a  continuous
physical   phenomenon   as  determined   by   our  genetically   given
neurological  limitations.
The  human  body  is  sensitive  to  touch  —  to  contact  on  the
surface   of  the  skin.  The  sense  of  touch   provides  an  excellent
example  of  the  profound  influence  our  own  neurological  system
can  have  on  our  experience.  In  a  series  of  experiments  (Boring,
1957,  pp.  110-111)  over a century  ago,  Weber established  the fact
that  precisely  the  same  real  world  situation  is  perceived  by  a
human  being  as  two  totally  distinct  tactile  experiences.   In  his
experiments,   Weber  found   that   our  ability   to   perceive   being
touched  at  two  points  on  the  surface  of our  skin  varied  dramat-
ically  depending  upon  where  on  the  human  body  the  two  points
were  located.  The  smallest  distance  between two points which  are
experienced  as  two  separate  points  on  the  little  finger  must  be
expanded  thirty  times  before  the  two  points  can  be distinguished
when  applied  to  the  upper  arm.  Thus,  a  whole  range  of identical,
real-world stimulus situations are  perceived  as two totally different
experiences  solely  as  a  function  of  our  nervous  system.   When
touched  on  the  little  finger,  we  experience  it  as  being  touched  in
two  places,  and  on  the  upper  arm  as  being  touched  in  one  place.
The  physical   world   remains  constant  and  our  experience  of  it
shifts dramatically as a function  of our  nervous system.
Similar  differences  between  the  world  and  our experience  of it

The Structure of Choice / 9
can  be  demonstrated  for  the  other  senses  (Boring,  1957).  The
limitations  of  our  perception  are  clearly  recognized  by  scientists
conducting  experiments  with  the  physical  world  as  they  develop
machines  which  extend  these  limits.  These  instruments  sense  phe-
nomena  which  lie  outside  the  range  of  our  senses,  or  outside  of
our ability  to  discriminate,  and  present  them  as  signals  which fall
within  our  sensory  range —  signals  such  as  photographs,  pressure
gauges,  thermometers,  oscilloscopes,  Geiger  counters,  and  alpha
wave  detectors.  Thus,  one  way  in  which  our  models  of  the world
will   necessarily  differ  from  the  world  itself  is  that  our  nervous
system  systematically  distorts  and  deletes  whole  portions  of  the
real  world.  This  has  the  effect  of  reducing  the  range  of  possible
human  experience  as well as introducing differences between what
is  actually  going  on  in  the  world  and  our  experience  of  it.  Our
nervous  system,  then,  initially  determined  genetically,  constitutes
the first set of filters which distinguish  the world — the territory —
from our representations of the world — the  map.
THROUGH  A  GLASS  DARKLY WITH  GLASSES
WITH  SOCIAL  PRESCRIPTIONS
Social  Constraints
.  .  . The  suggestion  is  that  the  function  of  the  brain  and
nervous  system  and  sense  organs  is in the main eliminative
and  not  productive.  Each  person  is  at  each  moment  ca-
pable  of  remembering  all  that  has  ever  happened  to  him
and  of  perceiving  everything  that  is happening everywhere
in  the  universe.  The  function  of  the brain  and the nervous
system  is  to  protect  us  from  being  overwhelmed  and  con-
fused  by  this  mass  of  largely  useless  and  irrelevant knowl-
edge,  by  shutting  out  most  of  what  we  should  otherwise
perceive  or  remember  at  any  moment,  and  leaving  only
that  very  small  and  special  selection  which  is  likely  to  be
practically  useful.  According  to  such a theory, each one of
us  is  potentially  Mind  at  Large.  .  .  .  To  make  biological
survival  possible,  Mind at  Large has to  be funneled through
the  reducing  valve  of the  brain  and  nervous  system.  What
comes  out the  other  end  is  a  measly  trickle of the kind of
consciousness   which   will  help   us   to  stay   alive  on  the
surface  of  this  particular  planet.  To formulate  and  express
the  contents  of  this  reduced  awareness,  man  has  invented
and  endlessly  elaborated  upon  those  symbol-systems  and
implicit  philosophies  which  we  call  languages.  Every  indi-

10/ The Structure of Choice
vidual  is  at  once  the  beneficiary  and  the  victim  of  the
linguistic  tradition  into  which  he  has  been  born  —  the
beneficiary  inasmuch  as  language  gives  access  to  the  ac-
cumulated  record  of  other  people's  experience,  the victim
insofar  as  it  confirms in him the  belief that reduced aware-
ness  is  the  only  awareness,  and  as  it  bedevils his  sense  of
reality,  so  that  he  is  all  too  apt  to  take  his  concepts  for
data, his words for actual things.
Aldous  Huxley,  The  Doors  of  Perception,  New
York: Harper & Row, 1954, pp. 22-23.
A  second  way  in  which  our  experience  of  the  world  differs
from  the  world  itself  is  through  the  set  of  social  constraints  or
filters  (prescription  glasses)  —  we  refer  to  these  as  social  genetic
factors.
3
   By  social  genetics,  we  refer to  all  the  categories or filters
to   which   we   are   subject  as  members  of  a  social  system:  our
language,  our  accepted   ways  of  perceiving,  and  all  the  socially
agreed upon fictions.
Perhaps  the  most  commonly  recognized  social  genetic  filter  is
our  language  system.  Within  any  particular  language  system,  for
example,  part  of  the  richness  of  our  experience  is  associated  with
the  number  of  distinctions  made  in  some  area  of  our  sensation.
4
In  Maidu,  an  American  Indian  language  of  Northern  California,
only   three  words
5
   are  available  to  describe  the  color  spectrum.
They  divide  the  spectrum  as  follows  (the  English  words  given  are
the  closest  approximations):
lak                         tit                                     tulak
I               I                      I
(red)                (green-blue)                (yellow-orange-brown)
While  human  beings  are  capable  of making  7,500,000 different
color  distinctions  in  the visible  color spectrum  (Boring,  1957),  the
people  who  are  native  speakers  of  Maidu  habitually  group  their
experience   into   the  three  categories  supplied  by  their  language.
These  three  Maidu  color  terms  cover  the  same  range  of real-world
sensation   which   the  eight  (specific)   color  terms  of  English  do.
Here  the  point  is  that  a  person  who  speaks  Maidu  is  characteris-
tically  conscious  of only  three  categories  of color  experience  while
the   English   speaker   has   more   categories  and,  therefore,  more
habitual   perceptual   distinctions.  This  means  that,  while  English
speakers  will  describe  their  experience  of  two  objects  as different
(say,  a  yellow  book  and  an  orange  book),  speakers  of  Maidu  will
typically   describe   their   experience   of   the   identical   real-world

The Structure of Choice / 11
situation as being the same (two tulak books).
Unlike  our  neurological  genetic  limitations,  those  introduced
by  the  social  genetic  filters  are  easily  overcome.  This  is  most
clearly  demonstrated  by  the  fact  that  we  are  able  to  speak  more
than  one  language — that  is,  we  are  able  to  use more than one set
of  social  linguistic  categories  or  filters  to  organize  our experience,
to  serve  as  our  representation  of  the  world.
6
   For  example,  take
the ordinary  sentence:  The book is blue. Blue is the name that we,
as  native  speakers  of  English,  have  learned  to  use  to  describe  our
experience  of  a  certain  portion  of  the  continuum  of  visible  light.
Misled  by  the  structure  of our  language,  we  come  to  assume  that
blue  is  a  property  of  the  object  that  we  refer  to  as  book  rather
than being the name which  we  have given our sensation.
In  perception,  the  sensation  complex  sweet-white  is  con-
stantly  occurring in  the  substance sugar.  The  psyche  then
applies  to  this  combination  the  category  of a thing and its
attributes:  The  sugar  is  sweet.  Here,  however,  the  white
appears  also as an object. Sweet is an attribute. The psyche
is   acquainted  with  the  sensation   white  in  other  cases,
where  it  appears  as  an  attribute,  so  that,  in  this  case too,
white  is  treated  as  an  attribute.  But  the  category  thing-
attribute  is  inapplicable  if  sweet  and  white  are  attributes
and  no  other  sensation  is  given.  Here  language  comes  to
our  help,  and  by  applying  the  name  sugar  to  the  whole
perception,   enables   us  to  treat  the   single  sensation  as
attributes.  .  ..   Who   authorized   thought  to  assume  that
white  was  a  thing,  that sweet  was an attribute? What right
had  it  to  go  on  to  assume  that  both  were  attributes  and
then  mentally  add  an  object  as  their carrier? The justifica-
tion  can  be  found  neither  in the sensations themselves nor
in  what  we  now  regard  as  reality.  ..  .  All that  is  given  to
consciousness  is  sensation.  By  adding  a  Thing  to  which
sensations  are  supposed  to  adhere  as  attributes,  thought
commits  a  very  serious  error.  It  hypostasizes  sensation,
which  in  the  last  analysis  is  only  a process,  as a subsistent
attribute,  and  ascribes  this  attribute  to  a  thing that  either
exists  only  in  the  complex  of sensations itself,  or has been
simply  added  by  thought  to  what  has  been  sensed.  ..  .
Where  is  the  sweet  that  is  ascribed  to  the  sugar?  It  exists
only  in  the  act of sensation.  .  . . Thought not only  changes
immediate  sensation  thereby,  but  withdraws  further  and
further  from  reality  and  becomes  increasingly  entangled  in
its  own  forms.  By  means  of the  creative  faculty  — to  use
this  scientific  term  —  it  has  invented  a  Thing  which  is

12  /  The Structure  of Choice
supposed  to  possess  an  Attribute.  This  Thing  is  a  fiction,
the  Attribute  as  such  is  a  fiction,  and  the  whole  relation-
ship is a fiction.
H. Vaihinger, The Philosophy of As If, p. 167.
The  categories  of  experience  which  we  share  with  other  mem-
bers  of  the  social  situation  in  which  we  live  — for  example,  the
common  languge  which  we  share  —  are  a second  way  in  which  our
models of  the  world  differ from  the  world  itself.
Notice  that,   in   the   case  of  the   neurological   constraints,  in
normal  circumstances,  the  neurological  filters  are  the  same  for all
human  beings  —  this  is  the  common  basis  of  experience  that  we
share  as  members  of  the  species.  The  social  genetic  filters  are  the
same  for  the  members  of the  same  social-linguistic  community  but
there  are  a  large  number  of different social-linguistic  communities.
Thus,  the  second  set  of filters  begins  to  distinguish  us  from  each
other  as   human   beings.   Our  experiences   begin   to  differ   more
radically,  giving  rise  to  more  dramatically  different  representations
of  the  world.  The  third  set  of  constraints  —  the  individual  con-
straints —  are  the  basis for the  most far-reaching differences among
us as humans.
THROUGH  A  GLASS  DARKLY  WITH  GLASSES
WITH  INDIVIDUAL  PRESCRIPTIONS
Individual  Constraints
A  third  way  in  which  our  experience  of  the  world  can  differ
from  the  world  itself  is  through  a  set  of  filters  we  call  individual
constraints.  By  individual  constraints  we  refer  to  all  the  represen-
tations  we  create  as human  beings  based  upon our unique  personal
history.  Every  human  being  has  a  set of experiences which  consti-
tute  his  own  personal  history  and  are  as  unique  to  him  as  are  his
fingerprints.  Just  as  every  person  has  a  set of distinct fingerprints,
so,  too,  does  each  person  have  novel  experiences  of growing  up
and  living,  and  no  two  life  histories  will  ever  be  identical.  Again,
though  they  may  have  similarities,  at  least  some  aspects  are  differ-
ent  and  unique  to  each  person.  The  models  or  maps that  we  create
in  the  process  of  living  are  based  upon  our individual  experiences,
and,  since  some  aspects  of  our  experiences  will  be  unique  to  us as
a  person,  some  parts  of  our  model  of the  world  will  be  singular  to
each  of  us.  These uncommon  ways  each  of us  represents the world
will  constitute a set of interests,  habits,  likes,  dislikes,  and  rules for
behavior  which  are  distinctly  our  own.  These  differences  in  our

The  Structure  of  Choice  /  13
experiences  will  guarantee  that  each  of  us  has  a  model  of  the
world  which  in  some  way will  be different from  any other  person's
model of the world.
For  example,  two  identical  twins  might  grow  up  together  in
the  same  home  with  the  same  parents,  having  almost  identical
experiences,  but  each,  in  the  process  of  watching  their  parents
relate  to  each  other  and  to  the  rest  of  the  family,  might  model
their  experiences  differently.   One  might  say:  my  parents  never
loved  each  other  very  much  —  they  always argued,  and  my  twin
sister  was  the  favorite  —  while  the  other  might  say:  my  parents
really  cared  about  each  other —  they  discussed  everything exten-
sively  and  they  really  favored  my  twin  sister.  Thus,  even  in  the
limiting  case  of  identical  twins,  their  experiences  as  persons  will
give  rise  to  differences  in  the  way  they  create  their own  models or
perceptions  of  the  world.  In  cases  in  which  our  discussion  is  of
unrelated  persons,  the  differences  created  in  personal  models  will
be greater and  more pervasive.
This  third  set  of filters,  the  individual  constraints,  constitutes
the  basis for the profound differences among us as humans and the
way   we  create  models  of  the  world.  These  differences  in  our
models  can  either  be  ones  that  alter  our  prescriptions  (socially
given)  in  a  way  that  enriches  our  experience  and  offers  us  more
choices,  or  ones  that  impoverish  our  experience  in  a  way  that
limits our ability  to  act effectively.
MODELS AND THERAPY
Our  experience  has  been  that,  when  people  come  to  us  in
therapy,  they  typically  come  with  pain,  feeling  themselves  para-
lyzed,  experiencing  no  choices  or  freedom  of  action  in  their  lives.
What  we  have  found  is  not  that  the  world  is  too  limited  or  that
there  are  no  choices,  but  that  these  people  block  themselves from
seeing  those  options  and  possibilities  that  are  open  to  them  since
they  are  not available  in  their  models of their world.
Almost  every  human  being in  our culture  in  his life cycle  has a
number  of  periods  of  change and  transition  which  he  must negoti-
ate.   Different  forms  of  psychotherapy   have  developed  various
categories  for  these  important  transition-crisis  points.  What's  pe-
culiar  is  that  some  people  are  able  to  negotiate  these  periods  of
change  with  little difficulty, experiencing  these  periods as times of
intense  energy  and  creativity.  Other  people,  faced  with  the  same
challenges,  experience  these  periods as times of dread  and  pain —
periods  to   be  endured,   when  their  primary  concern   is  simple

14  /  The  Structure  of Choice
survival.  The  difference between  these two groups appears to us to
be  primarily  that  the  people  who  respond  creatively  to  and  cope
effectively  with  this  stress  are  people  who  have  a  rich  representa-
tion  or  model of their situation, one  in  which  they  perceive a wide
range  of  options   in   choosing  their   actions.  The  other  people
experience  themselves  as  having  few  options,  none  of  which  are
attractive  to them — the "natural  loser" game. The question for us
is:  How  is  it  possible  for  different  human  beings  faced  with  the
same  world  to  have  such different experiences?  Our understanding
is  that  this  difference  follows  primarily  from  differences  in  the
richness  of  their  models.  Thus,  the  question  becomes:  How  is  it
possible  for  human  beings  to  maintain  an   impoverished  model
which  causes  them  pain  in  the  face  of  a  multi-valued,  rich,  and
complex  world?
In  coming  to  understand  how  it  is  that  some  people continue
to  cause  themselves  pain  and anguish,  it  has  been  important for us
to  realize  that  they  are  not  bad,  crazy,  or  sick.  They  are,  in  fact,
making  the  best  choices from  those  of  which  they  are  aware, that
is,  the  best  choices  available  in  their  own  particular  model.  In
other  words,  human  beings'  behavior,  no  matter  how  bizarre  it
may  first  appear  to  be,  makes  sense  when  it is  seen  in  the context
of  the  choices  generated  by  their  model.
7
  The  difficulty  is  not
that  they  are  making  the  wrong  choice,  but that they do not  have
enough  choices  —  they  don't  have  a  richly  focused  image  of  the
world.  The  most  pervasive  paradox  of the human condition  which
we   see  is  that  the  processes  which  allow  us  to  survive,  grow,
change,  and  experience joy  are  the  same  processes which allow us
to  maintain  an  impoverished  model  of  the  world  —  our ability  to
manipulate  symbols,  that  is,  to  create  models.  So  the  processes
which  allow  us  to  accomplish  the  most  extraordinary  and  unique
human  activities  are  the  same  processes  which  block  our  further
growth   if  we  commit  the  error  of  mistaking  the  model  for  the
reality.  We  can  identify  three general  mechanisms by which  we do
this:
8
  Generalization, Deletion, and Distortion.
Generalization  is  the  process  by  which  elements or pieces of a
person's  model   become  detached  from  their  original  experience
and  come  to  represent the entire  category  of which  the experience
is  an  example.  Our ability  to  generalize  is essential  to coping with
the  world.  For example,  it  is  useful  for us to  be able to generalize
from  the experience of being burned  when  we touch a hot stove to
a  rule  that  hot  stoves  are not to  be touched.  But to generalize this
experience  to  a  perception  that  stoves  are  dangerous  and,  there-
fore,  to   refuse   to   be  in  the  same  room  with  one  is  to  limit
unnecessarily  our movement  in  the world.

The Structure of Choice / 15
Suppose  that  the  first  few  times  a  child  is  around  a  rocking
chair,  he  leans  on  the  back and falls over.  He might come to a rule
for  himself  that  rocking  chairs  are  unstable  and  refuse  to  ever try
them  again.  If this child's  model  of the  world  lumps rocking chairs
with  chairs  in  general,  then  all  chairs  fall  under  the  rule:  Don't
lean  on   the  back!   Another  child  who  creates  a  model  which
distinguishes  rocking  chairs  from  other  kinds  of  chairs  has  more
choices  in  her  behavior.  From  her  experience,  she  develops a  new
rule  or  generalization  for  using  rocking  chairs  only  —  Don't  lean
on  the  back!  —  and,  therefore,  has  a  richer  model  and  more
choices.
The  same  process  of generalization  may  lead  a human  being to
establish  a  rule  such  as "Don't  express feelings." This  rule  in  the
context  of a  prisoner-of-war  camp  may  have  a  high  survival  value
and  will  allow  the  person  to  avoid  placing himself in  a position  of
being  punished.  However,  that  person,  using  this  same  rule  in  a
marriage,  limits  his  potential  for  intimacy  by  excluding  expres-
sions  which  are  useful  in  that  relationship.  This  may  lead  him  to
have  feelings  of  loneliness and  disconnectedness —  here the person
feels  that  he   has  no  choice,  since  the  possibility  of  expressing
feelings is not available within  his model.
The  point  here  is  that  the  same  rule  will  be  useful  or  not,
depending  upon  the  context  —  that  is,  that  there  are  no  right
generalizations,  that  each  model  must  be  evaluated  in  its context.
Furthermore,  this  gives  us a key to understanding human  behavior
that  seems to  us  to  be bizarre or inappropriate — that is,  if we can
see the  person's behavior in  the context  in  which  it originated.
A  second  mechanism  which  we  can  use  either  to  cope  effec-
tively  or  to  defeat  ourselves  is  Deletion.  Deletion  is  a  process  by
which  we  selectively  pay  attention  to  certain  dimensions  of  our
experience  and  exclude  others.  Take, for example, the ability that
people  have  to filter  out  or  exclude  all  other sound  in  a room full
of people talking in  order to  listen  to  one  particular  person's voice.
Using  the  same  process,  people  are  able  to  block  themselves from
hearing  messages  of  caring  from  other  people  who  are  important
to them.  For  example,  a  man  who  was  convinced that he  was not
worth  caring  about  complained  to  us  that  his wife  never gave  him
messages  of caring.  When  we visited  this  man's  home,  we  became
aware  that  the  man's  wife  did,  indeed,  express  messages  of caring
to him.  However,  as  these  messages conflicted with the generaliza-
tion  that  the  man  had  made  about  his own self-worth, he literally
did  not  hear  his  wife.  This  was verified  when  we  called  the  man's
attention  to  some  of  these  messages,  and  the  man  stated  that  he
had not even heard  his wife when  she had  said  those things.

16/ The Structure of Choice
Deletion   reduces  the   world   to   proportions  which  we  feel
capable  of  handling.  The  reduction  may  be  useful  in  some  con-
texts and yet be the source of pain for us in others.
The  third  modeling  process  is  that  of Distortion.  Distortion  is
the  process  which  allows  us  to  make  shifts  in  our  experience  of
sensory  data.   Fantasy,  for  example,   allows  us  to  prepare  for
experiences  which  we  may  have  before  they  occur.  People  will
distort  present  reality  when  rehearsing  a  speech  which  they  will
later  present.   It  is  this  process  which  has  made  possible  all  the
artistic  creations  which  we  as  humans  have  produced.  A  sky  as
represented  in  a  painting  by  Van  Gogh  is  possible  only  as  Van
Gogh  was  able  to  distort his perception  of the  time-place  in  which
he  was  located  at  the  moment  of creation.  Similarly,  all  the great
novels,  all  the  revolutionary  discoveries of the  sciences  involve the
ability  to  distort  and  misrepresent  present  reality.  Using the  same
technique,  people  can  limit  the  richness  of their  experience.  For
example,  when  our  friend  mentioned  earlier  (who  had  made  the
generalization  that  he  was  not  worth  caring  for)  had  the  caring
messages  from  his  wife  pointed  out  to  him,  he  immediately  dis-
torted  them. Specifically, each time that he heard a caring  message
that  he  had  previously  been deleting, he turned  to us, smiling, and
said,  "She  just  says  that  because  she  wants  something."  In  this
way,  the  man  was  able  to  avoid allowing his experience to contra-
dict  the  model  of  the  world  he  had  created,  and,  thereby,  he
prevented  himself  from  having  a  richer  representation,  blocking
himself  from  a  more  intimate  and  satisfying  relationship  with  his
wife.
A  person  who  has  at  some time in  his life  been  rejected  makes
the  generalization  that  he's  not worth  caring for. As his model  has
this generalization,  he  either  deletes  caring  messages or he reinter-
prets  these  messages  as  insincere.  As  he  is  unaware  of  any  caring
messages  from  others,  he  is  able  to  maintain  the  generalization
that  he  isn't worth  caring about. This description is an  example of
the  classical  positive feedback loop:  the self-fulfilling prophecy, or
forward  feedback  (Pribram,  1967).  A  person's  generalizations  or
expectations  filter  out   and   distort   his   experience   to   make  it
consistent  with   those  expectations.   As  he  has  no  experiences
which  challenge his generalizations,  his expectations are confirmed
and  the  cycle  continues.  In  this  way  people  maintain  their  im-
poverished  models of the world.
Consider  the  classical  psychological  set  or  expectancy  experi-
ment by  Postman  and  Bruner:
...  In  a  psychological  experiment  that  deserves  to  be  far
better  known  outside the trade, Bruner and Postman  asked

The Structure of Choice / 17
experimental  subjects  to  identify  on  short  and  controlled
exposure  a  series  of  playing  cards.  Many  of the cards were
normal,  but  some  were  made  anomalous,  e.g.,  a red six of
spades  and  a  black  four  of hearts.  Each  experimental  run
was  constituted  by  the  display  of  a  single  card  to  a  single
subject  in  a  series  of  gradually  increased  exposures.  After
each  exposure the subject  was asked what he had seen, and
the    run    was    terminated    by    two    successive   correct
identifications.
Even  on  the  shortest  exposures  many  subjects  identi-
fied  most  of  the  cards,  and  after  a  small  increase  all  the
subjects  identified  them  all.  For  the  normal  cards  these
identifications   were  usually  correct,  but  the  anomalous
cards  were  almost  always identifed, without apparent hesi-
tation  or  puzzlement,  as  normal.  The  black  four  of hearts
might,  for  example,  be  identified  as  the  four  of  either
spades  or hearts.  Without  any  awareness  of trouble, it was
immediately   fitted  to  one  of  the  conceptual  categories
prepared  by  prior  experience.  One  would  not  even  like to
say  that  the  subjects  had  seen  something  different  from
what  they  identified.  With  a  further  increase  of  exposure
to  the  anomalous  cards,  subjects  did  begin  to hesitate  and
to  display  awareness of anomaly.  Exposed,  for example, to
the  red  six  of  spades,  some  would  say:  That's  the  six  of
spades,  but  there's  something  wrong  with  it  — the  black
has  a  red  border.  Further  increase  of  exposure  resulted  in
still  more  hesitation  and  confusion until  finally,  and  some-
times  quite  suddenly,  most  subjects  would  produce  the
correct  identification  without  hesitation.  Moreover,  after
doing  this  with  two  or  three  of the anomalous cards, they
would  have  little  further  difficulty  with  the  others.  A  few
subjects,  however,  were  never  able  to  make  the  requisite
adjustment  of  their  categories.   Even  at  forty  times  the
average  exposure  required  to  recognize  normal  cards  for
what  they  were,  more  than  10  per  cent  of the  anomalous
cards  were  not  correctly  identified.  And  the  subjects  who
then  failed  often  experienced  acute  personal  distress.  One
of  them  exclaimed:  "I can't make the suit out, whatever it
is.  It  didn't  even  look  like  a  card  that  time.  I  don't  know
what  color  it  is  now  or whether it's a spade or a heart.  I'm
not  even  sure  now  what  a  spade  looks  like.  My  God!"  In
the  next  section  we  shall  occasionally  see  scientists  be-
having this way, too.
Either  as  a  metaphor  or  because  it  reflects  the  nature

18  /  The  Structure  of Choice
of  the  mind,  that  psychological  experiment  provides  won-
derfully   simple   and  cogent   schema  for  the  process  of
scientific  discovery.   In   science,   as  in  the  playing  card
experiment,  novelty  emerges  only  with  difficulty,  mani-
fested   by  resistance,  against  a  background  provided  by
expectation.  Initially,  only  the  anticipated  and  usual  are
experienced  even  under  circumstances  where  anomaly  is
later to  be observed.
The generalization that the  people  in  the experiment  made  was
that  the  possible  color/shape  pair  would  be  the  same  as  they  had
always  experienced:  black  with  clubs  and  spades,  red  with  hearts
and  diamonds.  They  supported  their  generalization  by  distorting
either  the  shape  or  color  dimensions  in  the  anomalous  cards.  The
point is that,  even in this simple task, the  mechanism of generaliza-
tion  and  its  supporting  process  of distortion  prevented  the  people
from  correctly  identifying  what  was  possible  for them  to  see.  The
identification  of  funny-looking  cards  flashed  onto  a  screen  does
little  for  us.  However,  the  experiment  is  useful  in  that  it's  simple
enough  to  show  the  same  mechanisms  which  give  us the potential
of  enriching  or  impoverishing  all  that  happens  to  us  as  human
beings  —  whether  we  are  driving a car, attempting and  achieving
intimacy  in  a  relationship,  or,  literally, what we will  experience  in
every  dimension  of our lives.
SO WHAT?
The  therapeutic  "wizards"  we  described  earlier  come  from
various   approaches   to   psychotherapy   and   use  techniques  that
appear  to  be  dramatically  different.  They  describe  the  wonders
they  perform  with  terminologies  so  distinctive  that  their  percep-
tions  of  what  they  do  seem  to  have  nothing  in  common.  Many
times  we  have  watched  these  people  working with  someone  and
heard  comments from  onlookers  which  implied  that these  wizards
of  therapy  make  fantastic  intuitive  leaps  which  make  their  work
incomprehensible.  Yet,  while  the  techniques  of  these  wizards  are
different,  they  share  one  thing:  They  introduce  changes  in  their
clients'  models  which  allow  their  clients  more  options  in  their
behavior.  What  we  see  is that  each  of  these  wizards  has a  map  or
model  for  changing  their  clients'  models  of  the  world  —  i.e.,  a
Meta-model  —  which allows them to effectively expand  and enrich
their  clients'  models  in  some  way  that  makes  the  clients'  lives
richer and  more worth living.
Our  purpose  in  this  book  is  to  present  to  you  an  explicit
Meta-model,  that  is,  a  Meta-model  which  is  learnable.  We want to

The  Structure  of Choice  /  19
make  this  Meta-model  available  to  anyone  who  wishes  to  expand
and  enrich  the  skills  they  have  as  people-helpers. Since one of the
main  ways  in  which  therapists  can  come  to  know  and  understand
their clients  is through  language,  and  since  language  is also one of
the  primary  ways  all  humans  model  their  experiences,  we  have
focused  our  work  on  the  language  of  therapy.  Fortunately,  an
explicit  model  of  the  structure  of  language  has  been  developed
independent  of  the  context  of  psychology  and  therapy  by  trans-
formational  grammarians.  Adapted  for  use  in  therapy,  it offers us
an  explicit  Meta-model  for  the  enrichment  and  expansion  of our
therapeutic  skills  and  offers  us a  valuable  set  of tools  to  increase
our  effectiveness  and,  thus,  the  magical  quality  of our own  thera-
peutic  work.
If  you   wish  either  to  understand   more  about  the  language
exchange  in  the  therapeutic  encounter or to  increase  the effective-
ness  and  magical  quality  of your  therapeutic  work,  The Structure
of Magic  offers  a  viable  way  to  proceed.  Magic  is  hidden  in  the
language  we  speak.  The  webs  that  you  can  tie  and  untie  are  at
your  command   if  only  you  pay  attention  to  what  you  already
have  (language)  and  the  structure  of  the  incantations  for  growth
which  we  present  in  the  remainder of this book.
FOOTNOTES  FOR CHAPTER 1
1.     In  fact,  part  of  what  we  will  establish  in  the  course  of  this  book  is
that  expressions  such  as  the  right  approach  or  the  most powerful approach
are  incomplete  expressions.  The  questions  that  come  to  mind that we  would
ask  to  get  the  material  to  make  the  expressions  complete  are:  approach  to
what?  right  for  whom?  most  powerful  compared  with   what?  most  powerful
for what purpose? We  have  also  provided  a glossary  of terms.  We invite you  to
use  it  whenever you  encounter a  new or  unfamiliar term.
2.    We  want  to  point  out  that  we find  this  division  (of the way  that the
model  that  each  of  us  creates  of  the  world  will  necessarily  differ  from  the
world)  into  three  categories  useful  for  our  purposes  of presenting the  discus-
sion  of  modeling  by  human  beings.  We  are  not  suggesting  that  these  three
categories  of differences  are  the  only  ones,  or  correct  ones,  or an  exhaustive
way  of  understanding  the   process  of  modeling.   Furthermore,  we  are  not
suggesting  that  these  three  categories  can  be  usefully  distinguished  from  one
another  in  all  cases.  Rather, consistent with  the principles of modeling we  are
presenting,  we  find  it  useful  for  understanding the  process of modeling itself.
3.  We adopt this  unusual terminology  —  social  genetics  —  to remind the
reader  that  social  constraints  on  the  behavior  of  members  of  society  have  as
profound  effect  on  shaping  their  perceptions  as  do  neurological  constraints.

20  /  The  Structure  of Choice
Also,  that  neurological  constraints,  initially  genetically  determined,  are  sub-
ject  to  challenge  and  change  just  as  are  constraints  initially  socially  deter-
mined.   For  example,  the  dramatic   success  which   researchers  have  had  in
gaining  voluntary  control  over  portions  of  the  so-called  involuntary  nervous
system  in  humans  (e.g.,  alpha  wave)  as  well  as  in  other  species  shows  that
neurological constraints  are challengeable.
4.    This  is  only  one  of the  more obvious  ways  in  which  languages  shape
the  habitual  perceptions  of native  speakers  (Grinder and  Elgin,  1972, pp. 6-7,
and   the   writings   of   Benjamin   Whorf  and   Edward   Sapir).  An  annotated
bibliography  is  also  provided at the  end  of this  book.
5.    Actually,  from  a  purely  linguistic  point  of view,  the  Maidu  language
has  only  two  words  to  describe  the  color  spectrum,  lak  and  tit.  The  third
word   presented   in   the  text  is  complex,  having  two  meaningful   parts  or
morphemes:
tu — urine and lak — red
We  are  interested,  however,  not  in  the  results  of  a  linguistic  analysis,  but
rather  in  the  habitual  perceptions  of  the  native  speaker  of  Maidu.  William
Shipley,  of  the   University  of  California,  Santa  Cruz,  provided  the  Maidu
information.
6.    Those  of  you  who  have  learned  to  speak  more  than  one  language
fluently  will  notice  how  your  perception  of  the  world  and  of  yourself shifts
when you shift from  one  language  to  the other.
7.    This  has  been  clearly  recognized  by  people  like Gregory Bateson and
R.  D.  Laing  in  their  work  on  the  schizophrenic  family.  Readers  of  Sherlock
Holmes will  also recognize this as  one of his principles.
8.    Again,  we  wish  to  point out  that  our  categories  do  not  impose  any
necessity  on  the  structure  of  reality  —  we  have  found  these categories useful
in  organizing  our  own  thinking  and  actions,  both  in  presenting  this  material
and  in  therapy;  that  is,  in  developing our  model for therapy.  We suspect that
most  readers  will,  if  they  think  about  the  usual  meanings  of the  terms,  come
to  see Generalization and  Deletion  as special  cases of Distortion.

Chapter  2
THE  STRUCTURE   OF   LANGUAGE
One  way  in  which  human  beings  distinguish  themselves  from
other  animals  is  by  the  creation  and  use  of  language.  The  impor-
tance  of  language  in  coming  to  understand  the  history  and  present
situation  of  the  human  race  cannot  be  overestimated.  As  Edward
Sapir  has expressed  it:
The  gift  of speech and a well-ordered language are character-
istic  of  every  known  group  of  human  beings.  No tribe has
ever  been  found  which  is  without  language,  and  all  state-
ments  to  the  contrary  may  be  dismissed  as  mere  folklore.
There  seems  to  be  no  warrant  whatever  for  the  statement
which is sometimes made that there are certain people whose
vocabulary  is so  limited that they cannot get on without the
supplementary use  of gesture, so that  intelligible communi-
cation  between  members  of  such  a  group  becomes  impos-
sible in the dark. The truth of the matter is that language is
essentially  perfect  of  expression and communication among
every known people. Of all aspects of culture, it is a fair guess
that  language  was the first to receive a highly perfected form
and  that  its  essential  perfection  is  a  prerequisite  to  the
development of culture as a whole.
Edward  Sapir,  Culture,  Language and Personality,
by D. Mandelbaum, (ed.)
All  the  accomplishments  of  the  human  race,  both  positive  and
negative,  have  involved  the  use  of  language.  We  as  human  beings
use  our  language  in  two  ways.  We  use  it first  of all  to  represent our

22  /  The  Structure  of Language
experience  —  we  call  this activity  reasoning,  thinking,  fantasying,
rehearsing.   When   we   are   using   language   as  a   representational
system,  we  are  creating  a  model  of  our  experience. This  model  of
the  world  which  we  create  by  our  representational  use  of  language
is  based  upon  our  perceptions  of  the  world.  Our  perceptions  are
also  partially  determined  by  our  model  or  representation  in  the
ways we discussed  in  Chapter  1.
Notice   that,   since   we   use   language   as   a  representational
system,   our   linguistic   representations   are  subject   to  the   three
universals  of  human  modeling:  Generalization,  Deletion,  and  Dis-
tortion.  Secondly,  we  use  our  language  to communicate  our  model
or  representation  of  the  world  to  each  other.
1
   When  we  use  our
language  to  communicate,  we  call  it  talking,  discussing,  writing,
lecturing,  singing.  When  we  are  using our  language for communica-
tion,   we   are   presenting  our   model   to   others.  This  book,  for
example,  presents a  partial  model  of our experiences  in  therapy.
When  humans  communicate  —  when  we talk,  discuss,  write —
we  usually  are  not  conscious  of  the  process  of  selecting  words  to
represent   our  experience.IWe  are  almost  never  conscious  of  the
—-*sway  in  which  we  order  and  structure  the  words  we  select.  Lan-
guage  so  fills  our  world  that  we  move  through  it  as  a  fish  swims
through  water.  Although  we  have  little  or  no  consciousness  of the
way  in  which   we  form  our  communication,  our  activity  —  the
process  of  using  language  —  is  highly  structured.  For  example,  if
you  select  any  sentence  in  this  book  and  reverse  the  order  of the
words  in  that  sentence,  or  number  the  words  1,  2,  3,  and  move
every  odd  word  to  the  right over  the  even  numbered  word  next  to
it,   the   sequence   of   words   you   are   left  with   is   nonsense.   By
destroying  the  structure  of  the  sentence,  it  no  longer  makes  sense;
it  no  longer  represents  a  model  of  any  experience.  Take  this  last
sentence as a demonstration example.
Original version:
By   destroying   the  structure   of  the  sentence,   it  no  longer
makes   sense;   it   no   longer   represents   a   model   of  any
experience.
After  reversing the  word  order:
2
*  Experience  any  of  model  a  represents  longer  no  it;  sense
makes   longer   no   it,   sentence   the   of  structure   the   de-
stroying   by.
After  moving  every  odd  numbered  word  to  the  right  over the
even  numbered  words:
*Destroying  by  structure   the  the  of  it  sentence,   longer  no
sense;   makes   no   it   represents   longer   model   a   any   of
experience.

The  Structure  of Language  j  23
To  say  that our communication, our language, is a system  is to  say
that  it  has  structure,  that  there  is  some  set of rules which  identify
which  sequences  of  words  will  make  sense,  will  represent a model
of  our  experience.  In  other  words,  our  behavior  when  creating  a
representation  or  when  communicating  is  rule-governed  behavior.
Even  though  we  are  not  normally  aware  of  the  structure  in  the
process  of  representation  and  communication,  that  structure,  the
structure   of   language,   can   be   understood   in  terms  of  regular
patterns.
Fortunately,  there  is a group  of  academicians  who  have  made
the  discovery  and  explicit  statement  of  these  patterns  the  subject
of  their  discipline  —  transformational  grammar.  In  fact,  transfor-
mational  grammarians   have  developed   the  most  complete  and
sophisticated  explicit  model  of  human,  rule-governed   behavior.
The  notion  of  human,  rule-governed  behavior  is the  key  to  under-
standing the way in which  we as humans use our language.
We  can  be  fairly  sure  that  a  child  has  some  rule  system  if
his  production  [of sentences  and  phrases  — JTG]  is  regu-
lar,  if  he  extends  these regularities to new instances, and if
he  can  detect  deviations  from  regularity in his  own  speech
and  the  speech  of  others.  This  is,  generally,  what  psycho-
linguists  mean  when  they  speak  of  the  child's  learning,  or
forming,  or  possession  of  linguistic  rules.  Note  that  I  have
left  out  the  most  stringent  test  for  the  existence  of  rules,
namely:   Can  the  individual  state  the  explicit  rule?  ...
Explicit  statement  of  rules  is  irrelevant  to  our  concerns
here  and  is  an  entirely  different sort  of ability than  we  are
considering here. As Susan  Ervin-Tripp has put it:
To  qualify  as  a  native  speaker ...  one  must  learn ...
rules....  This  is  to  say,  of course, that one must learn
to behave as though one knew the rules.
(Slobin, 1967, p. x)
What  this  means  from  the  point  of  view  of  the  scientific
observer  is  that  it  is  possible  to  describe  the  speaker's
behavior  in  terms  of  rules.  Such  a  description,  however,
should  not  be  taken  to  imply  that  the  particular  rules
devised  by  the  scientist  are  actual  entities  existing  inside
the  individual  in  a  definite  psychological  or  physiological
sense.
(Slobin, Psycholinguistics,  Scott,  Foreman  & Co.,
1971, p. 55)
The linguist's objective is to develop a grammar — a set of rules
—  which  states  what  the  well-formed  patterns for  any  particular

24  /  The  Structure  of Language
language  are.  This  discipline  is  based  on  the  brilliant  work  of
Noam Chomsky, who initially  developed a methodology  and  set of
formal  models  for  natural  language.
3
   As  a  result  of  the  work  of
Chomsky  and  other  transformationalists,  it  has  been  possible  to
develop  a  formal  model  for  describing  the  regular  patterns  in  the
way  we  communicate  our  model  of  our  experience.  We  use  lan-
guage  to  represent  and  communicate  our experience —  language  is
a  model  of  our  world.  What  transformational  grammarians  have
done  is  to  develop a formal  model of our language, a model of our
model of our world, or, simply, a Meta-model.
THE  META-MODEL  FOR  LANGUAGE
Language  serves  as  a  representational  system  for  our  experi-
ences.  Our  possible  experiences  as  humans  are  tremendously  rich
and  complex.  If  language  is  adequately  to fulfill  its function  as  a
representational  system,  it  must  itself  provide  a  rich  and complex
set  of  expressions  to  represent  our  possible  experiences.  Transfor-
mational  grammarians  have  recognized  that to  approach  the study
of  natural   language  systems  by  directly  studying  this  rich  and
complex  set  of  expressions  would  make  their  task  overwhelming.
They  have chosen  to study not the  expressions themselves, but the
rules  for  forming   these  expressions  (syntax).  Transformational
grammarians  make  the  simplifying  assumption  that  the  rules for
forming  this  set  of  rich  expressions  can  be  studied  independently
of  content.
4
   For  example,  people  who  speak   English  as  their
native  language  make a consistent distinction between:
(1) Colorless green ideas sleep furiously.
(2) * Furiously sleep ideas green colorless.
Even  though  there  is  something  peculiar  about  the  first  group  of
words,  people  recognize  that  it  is grammatical  or  well  formed  in
some  way  that  the  second  group  of  words  is  not.  What  we  are
demonstrating  here  is  that  people  have consistent intuitions about
the  language  they  speak.  By  consistent  intuitions,  we  mean  that
the  same  person  presented  with  the  same  group  of  words  today
and  a year from  now will  make the  same judgments about whether
they  are  a  well-formed  sentence  of  his  language.  Furthermore,
different   native  speakers  will   make  the  same  judgments  about
whether  the  same  group  of  words  is  a  sentence  or  not.  These
abilities  are  a  classic  example  of  human,  rule-governed  behavior.
Although  we  are  not  conscious  of  how  we  are  able  to  behave
consistently, nevertheless, we do.
Transformational   grammarians  have  created  a  model  which

The  Structure  of Language  /  25
represents  that  rule-governed  behavior  —  those  consistent  intui-
tions  about  sentences.  The  formal  model  in  linguistics  provides  a
solution  to  whether  a  particular  group  of  words  is  a  sentence  or
not,  for  example.  The  transformational   model  represents  other
kinds  of  linguistic  intuitions  also.  Since  the  model  is a description
of  human,  rule-governed  behavior,  the  way  that  we  determine
whether  the  rules  of  the  model, fit  or  not  is  by  checking  them
against  the  intuitions  of  the  native  speakers  —  intuitions available
to  every  native  speaker.
SOME  UNIVERSALS OF THE  HUMAN  LINGUISTIC  PROCESS
In  Chapter 1, we  discussed  the three  major  processes of human
modeling — Generalization, Deletion, and Distortion — three ways
in  which  the  model  which  we  create  will  differ  from  the  thing
which  it  models.  These  processes  apply,  of  course,  with full  force
in  the  case  of  linguistic  representations.  Seen  from  this  point  of
view,  a large portion of the work  which  has  been  done  by transfor-
mational  linguists  is  the  discovery  and  explicit  statement  of  the
way  these  three  universals of representation  are  realized  in  the  case
of  human  language  systems.  Our  ability  and  experience  in  using
our  language  system  to  represent and communicate  is so extensive
that  we  are  able  to  reflect  on  the  process  itself  to  the extent that
we  have  consistent  intuitions  about  that  process.  The  purpose  of
the transformational  model  of  language  is to  represent the patterns
in  the  intuitions  that  we  have  about  our  language  system.  These
intuitions  are  available  to  every  native  speaker  of  every  language.
The  three  major  categories  of  linguistic  intuitions  which  we  have
selected  as  relevant  for  our  purposes  are:  Well-formedness,  Con-
stituent Structure,  and  Logical  Semantic  Relations.
I.  Well-Formedness:   The   consistent   judgments   which   native
speakers   make   about  whether  or  not  groups  of  words  are
sentences   of   their   language.   Consider   the  following   three
groups of words:
(3) Even the president has tapeworms.
(4) Even the president has green ideas.
(5) Even the president have tapeworms.
The  first  is  identified  as  well  formed;  that  is,  it  conveys  a
meaning  to  the  native  speakers  and  they  recognize  it  as  being
syntactically  well  formed;  (2)  is  semantically  ill  formed;  that
is,  it  communicates  no  meaning  that  the  native  speaker  recog-
nizes  as  possible;  (3)  is  syntactically  ill  formed  although  we

26  /  The  Structure  of Language
may  be  able  to  assign  some  meaning to it.
II.  Constituent  Structure:  The  consistent  judgments  that  native
speakers  make  about  what  goes  together  as  a  unit  or  constit-
uent  inside  a  sentence  of  their  language.  For  example,  in  the
sentence
(6)   The   Guru   of  Ben   Lomond  thought  Rosemary  was  at
the  controls.
the  words  The  and  Guru  go  together  in  some  way  as  a  unit
that  Guru  and  of do  not.  These  smaller  level  constituents go  to
make   up   larger  units;  for  example,   The   Guru   and   of  Ben
Lomond  go   together   in   some   way   that  of  Ben  Lomond  and
was do not.
III.  Logical  Semantic  Relations:  The  consistent  judgments  which
native  speakers  make  about  the  logical  relations  reflected  in
the  sentences  of their  language.
1.   Completeness:  Native  speakers,  when  presented  with  a
verb  of their  language,  are  able  to  determine  how  many
and   what   kinds   of  things   between   which   this  verb
connects  or  describes  a  relationship.  For  example,  the
verb   kiss   in   English   implies  a  person   kissing  and  a
person   or  thing   being  kissed.  The  verb  hit  implies  a
person  or thing hitting,  a  person or thing  being hit,  and
an  instrument  being  used for the hitting.
2.    Ambiguity:    Native   speakers   recognize   that   a   single
sentence such as
(7)   Investigating  FBI  agents  can  be  dangerous.
or
(8)  Maxine took Max's shirt off.
communicates  two  distinct  meanings.  Sentence  (7)  can
be  understood  to  mean  either:
(9)    FBI  agents   who  are  conducting  investigations
can  be dangerous.
or
(10)   To     investigate     FBI     agents     is     possibly
dangerous.
In   sentence   (8),   it   is   unclear   whether  Maxine   was
wearing  Max's  shirt  and  took  it  off  herself or  she took
Max's  shirt  off  Max  himself.
3.    Synonymy:   Native  speakers  recognize  that  both  of  the
following  sentences  have  the  same  meaning  or  convey
the  same  message.
(11)   Sandy  looked  up  the  number.

The  Structure  of Language  /  27
(12)  Sandy looked the number up.
4.   Referential   Indices:   Native   speakers   can  determine
whether a  word  or  phrase  picks out a particular object
in  their  experience  such  as  my car  or  whether  it  iden-
tifies a  class of objects:  cars.  Furthermore,  they  make
consistent   judgments   about  whether  two   (or   more)
words  refer  to  the  same  object or class,  e.g., the words
Jackson and himself in the sentence
(13) Jackson changed himself.
5.   Presuppositions:  Native  speakers  can  determine  what
the   experience   of  the   speaker  is  for  him  to   say  a
sentence.  For example,  if I  say the sentence
(14) My cat ran away.
you  are  entitled  (have  reason)  to  believe  that,  in  my
experience of the world,  it's true that
(15)  I have a cat.
These  three  general   categories  of  intuitions  that  human  beings
have  about  their  language  are  represented  explicitly  in  the  trans-
formational model.
THE  TRANSFORMATIONAL  MODEL
We  will  describe  how  the  consistent  intuitions  we  identified
about our  language are represented  in the Meta-model — the model
of transformational  grammar.
Linguists  using  this  model  work  to  represent  these  intuitions
which  are  available  to  every  native  speaker  in  an  explicit  way.
Native   speakers   have  two   kinds  of  consistent  intuitions  about
every  sentence  of  their  language.  They  are  able  to  determine  how
the  smaller  units,  such  as  words,  go  together  to  make  up  the
sentence  (intuitions  about  constituent  structure)  and  also  what  a
complete  representation  of  the  sentence  would  be  (the  complete-
ness  of  the  logical  representation).  For  example,  when  presented
with a sentence:
(16)  The woman bought a truck.
a  native  speaker  can  group  the  words  into  constituents  or  larger
level units such as:
/The woman/  and /bought/ and /a truck/
They will, in turn, group  these ujiits into
/The woman/  and /bought a truck/
The  linguist  represents  these  intuitions  about  what  goes  together
inside  a  sentence  by  placing words which form a constituent  (such

28  /  The  Structure  of Language
as  the  and  woman)  in  what  linguists  call  a  tree  structure  which
looks like:
woman
The  rule  is  that  words  which  we  as  native  speakers group  into  a
single  constituent  are  attached  to  the  same  point  or  node  in  the
tree structure. The tree structure  representation for (16)  is:
woman
bought
truck
This is called the Surface Structure.
The  second  kind  of  consistent  intuitions  that  native  speakers
have  about a  sentence  such  as  (16)  is what a complete representa-
tion  of  its  meaning or logical  semantic relation would  be.  One  way
which  these intuitions are  represented  is:
the    woman     buyA   from someone
a truck
for  some  money
This is called the  Deep Structure.
We are demonstrating how, within the transformational model,
each  sentence  is  analyzed  at  two  levels of structure corresponding
to  two  consistent  kinds  of  intuitions  which  native  speakers  have:
Surface  Structure  —  in  which  their  intuitions  about  constituent
structure  are  given  a  tree  structure  representation  —  and  Deep
Structure  —  in  which  their  intuitions,  about  what  a  complete
representation  of  the  logical  semantic  relations  is,  are given.  Since
the  model  gives  two  representations  for  each  sentence  (Surface

The  Structure  of Language  /  29
Structure  and  Deep  Structure),  linguists  have  the  job  of  stating
explicitly  how  these  two  levels  are  connected.  The  way  in  which
they  represent  this  connection  is a  process or derivation  which  is a
series  of  transformations.
What  Transformations  Are
A   transformation   is   an   explicit   statement  of  one   kind   of   f
r
pattern  which  native  speakers  recognize  among  the  sentences  of
their  language.  For example,  compare  the two sentences:
(17)   The  woman  bought  the  truck.
(18)   The truck  was bought by the  woman.
Native  speakers  recognize  that,  although  these  Surface  Structures
are  different,  the  message  communicated,  or  Deep  Structures,  of
these  two  sentences  is  the  same.  The  process  by  which  these  two
sentences  are  derived  from  their  common  Deep Structure  is called
a  derivation.  A  derivation  is  a  series  of  transformations  which
connects  the  Deep  Structure  and  the  Surface  Structure.  The deri-
vation  of  one  of  these  two  Surface  Structures  includes  the  trans-
formation  called  the  Passive  Transformation.  If you  examine  (17)
and  (18),  you  will  notice  that  the  order  of  the  words  is different.
Specifically,   the   phrases   the  woman  and  the  truck   have   been
transposed. Transformational  grammarians state this pattern  as:
T  passive:
Noun  Phrase*                Verb Noun Phrase2
the  woman                     bought the truck
Noun  Phrase2  Be  +  Verb  by  +  Noun  Phrase  1
the  truck              was bought by the  woman
where the symbol   —•«  means "can  be transformed into"
Notice  that  the  statement  of  this  pattern  is  not limited  to just the
two  sentences (17)  and  (18), but  is general  in  English:
(19)  a.  Susan followed Sam.
b.  Sam was followed by Susan.
(20)  a.   The tapeworm ate the president.
b.   777e president was eaten by the tapeworm.
(21)  a.   The bee touched the flower.
b.  The flower was touched by the bee.

30  /  The  Structure  of Language
This  is  a  simple  example  of  how  two  Surface  Structures  whose
derivations differ  by  only  one transformation — the  Passive Trans-
formation  applied  in  the derivation of the  (b)  versions, but not the
(a) versions — are formed. Derivations can be much more complex;
for  example:
(22)  a.  Timothy  thought  that  Rosemary  was guiding  the
spaceship.
b.  The  spaceship  was  thought  by  Timothy  to  have
been guided by Rosemary.
What  all  these  pairs  of  sentences  demonstrate  is  that  Deep  Struc-
tures  may  differ  from  their  related  Surface  Structures  by  having
the  elements  or  words  occur  in  a  different  order.  Notice  that  in
each  pair  of  sentences,  although  the  word  order  is  different,  the
meaning  appears  to  be  constant.  For  each  pair of sentences which
have  the  same  meaning,  but  different  word  orders,  the  linguist
states  a  transformation  which  specifies exactly  the  pattern  —  the
way the  word  order  may differ.
Thus,  the  way  that the  native speaker's intuition  of synonymy
is  represented  is  by  stating  a transformation which  relates the two
or  more  Surface  Structures  which  are  synonymous  or  have  the
same  meaning.  For  each  set  of  two  or  more  Surface  Structures
which  are  synonymous,  therefore,  the  transformational  linguist
states  what the formal patterning is — the transformation. The test
for  synonymy  intuitionally  is  to  attempt  to  imagine  whether  it
would  be  possible  in  our  (or  any  imaginary)  consistent world  that
one  of  the  Surface Structures you  are  testing for synonymy would
be  true  (false)  and  the other Surface Structure not true (not false).
If  they  always  have  the  same  value  (both  true or both false), they
are synonymous. This  is  known as the paraphrase test. There are a
number  of  word-order-changing  transformations  which   linguists
have  identified.  The following  pairs  show  some  of  these patterns:
(23)  a.  I want Borsch.
b.  Borsch, I want.
(24)  a.  It is easy to scare Barry.
b. Barry is easy to scare.
(25) a. George gave Martha an apple.
b. George gave an apple to Martha.
(26) a. The Watergate 500 stumbled away.
b. A way stumbled the Watergate 500.
(27) a. Writing this sentence is easy.
b.  It is easy to write this sentence.
Each   of  these  transformations  specifies  a  way  in  which  word
orders   can   differ,   and   as   a   group   are   called   Permutation
Transformations.

The  Structure  of Language  /  31
Permutation  Transformations  are  one  of the two  major  classes
of  transformations;  the  other  is  called  Deletion  Transformations.
For example:
(28)  a.  llene talked to someone a great deal.
b.  llene talked a great deal.
In   the   (b)  version  of  (28),  one  of  the  Noun   Phrases  (i.e.,  to
someone)  has  been  deleted  or  removed.  The  general  transforma-
tion  which  states  this  pattern  is  called   Indefinite  Noun  Phrase
Deletion.
Indef.  Noun
Phrase  Dele.:
X       Verb       Noun Phrase               Y
llene    talked       to  someone       a great deal
X        Verb     <£       Y
llene     talked       a great deal
where  X  and  Y  are  cover symbols  or variables  for any
word(s)  in  those  positions
Once  again,  there  are  a  number of deletion transformations which
linguists have identified:
(29)  a.   Fluffo  went  to  the  store  and  Tab  went  to  the
store too.
b.  Fluffo  went to the store and Tab went too.
(30)  a.  Tripod ate something.
b.  Tripod ate.
(31)  a.  Natural struck the wall with something.
b.  Natural struck the wall.
In  each  of  these  pairs,  the  process  or  derivation  of  the  second
version  includes  a  transformation  which  has  deleted  part  of  the
complete  logical  semantic  representation  which  is  present  in  Deep
Structure.  Again,  the  meaning  appears  to  remain the  same even as
elements of the  Deep Structure  are deleted.
Linguists  distinguish  two  types  of  deletion  transformations  —
Free  Deletion,  or  deletion  of  indefinite  elements,  and  Identity
Deletion. Notice  in the example pairs:

32 / The Structure of Language
llene  talked  to  someone  a great  deal.
llene  talked a great deal.
Tripod ate  something.
Tripod  ate.
Natural struck  the  wall  with  something.
Natural struck  the  wall.
the  element  which   has  been  deleted  is  an  indefinite  phrase  (to
someone,  something,  with  something),  while  in  the  example  pair:
Fluffo  went  to  the store  and  Tab  went  to  the store  too.
Fluffo  went  to  the  store  and  Tab  went  too.
a  phrase  which  is  definite  (to  the  store)  has  been  deleted.  The
general  rule  is  that  indefinite  elements  may  be  deleted  from  any
sentence.  There  are  special conditions which  must  be  met  before a
definite  element  may  be deleted.  Notice, for example,  the definite
element  to  the  store,   which  was  legitimately  deleted  in  the  last
sentence  pair,  occurs  twice  in  that  sentence,  with  the  result  that,
after  the  deletion   has  occurred   [(b)  portion],  one  copy  of  the
element  is still  present and  no information  has  been  lost.
Thus,   Surface   Structures   may   differ   from   their  associated
Deep  Structure  in two  major  ways:
—    The  words  may  occur  in  a  different  order  —  Permuta-
tion   Transformation
—    Parts  of  the  complete  logical  semantic  representation
may  fail  to  appear  in  Surface  Structure  —  Deletion
Transformation.
One  additional   way  in  which   Deep  Structure  representation
may  differ from  the  Surface  Structures  which  represent them  is  by
the  process  of Nominalization.  Essentially,  the  process  of nominal-
ization  occurs  when  the  transformations  of  the  language  change
what  occurs  in  the   Deep  Structure  representation  as  a  process
word  —  a  verb  or  predicate  —  into  an  event  word  —  a  noun  or
argument  —  in  the  Surface Structure  representation.  For example,
compare   the   (a)   and   (b)   versions   of   the   following   pairs   of
sentences:
(32)  a.  Susan knows that she fears her parents,
b.  Susan knows her fear of her parents.
(33)   a.   Jeffery recognizes  that he hates his job.
b.   Jeffery recognizes  his hatred of his job.
(34)   a.   Debbie  understands  that she  decides her own life.
b.   Debbie  understands  her  decision  about  her  own
life.
In  the  second  version  of each  of the  three  pairs,  what occurs  in  the
first  version  as  a  verb  or  process  word  appears  as  a  noun  or event
word. Specifically,

The  Structure  of Language  /  33
fears                          —*- fear
hates                           >• hatred
decides                        »- decision
Both  Deletion  and  Permutation  transformations  may  participate  in
this  complex  transformational  process.  For  example,  if  permuta-
tion  transformations  had  applied  in  the above nominalizations, we
would  have:
(32) c. Susan knows the fear by her of her parents.
(33) c. Jeffery recognizes the hatred by him of his job.
(34)  c.  Debbie understands the decision by her about her
life.
If,  however,  Deletion  transformations  had  applied
5
  in  the  above
nominalizations,     we     would     have    the    Surface    Structure
representations:
(32)  d.  Susan knows the fear.
(33)  d.  Jeffery recognizes the hatred.
(34)  d.  Debbie understands the decision.
Whether   Nominalization   occurs   with   or  without  Deletion   and
Permutation  transformations,  its  effect  is  to  convert  the   Deep
Structure  representation  of  a  process  into  the  Surface  Structure
representation  of an  event.
What  is  important  in  this  presentation   is  not  the  technical
details   nor  the  terminology  that  linguists   have  developed,  but
rather the fact that the intuitions available to  each  of us as a native
speaker  can  be  given  a  representation.  Thus,  the  process  of repre-
sentation  is itself represented.  For example, the two  major ways in
which  what  we  accept  as a  well-formed  sentence  can  differ from
its  complete  semantic  representation  is  by distortion  (Permutation
Transformation  or  Nominalization)  or  removal  of  material  (Dele-
tion  Transformation).  As  an  example,  each  person  who  speaks
English   is  able  to  consistently   decide  which  groups  of  English
words  are  well-formed  sentences.  This  information  is  available  to
each  of you.  The  transformational  model  represents  this informa-
tion.  Thus,  in  the  model,  a  group  of  words  is  said  to  be  well
formed  if  there  is  a  series  of  transformations  which  convert  the
complete   representation   of   Deep   Structure  into   some  Surface
Structure.
Referential  indices  are  involved  in  the transformational  model
in  one  important  way  for  our  purposes.  Deletion Transformations
are  sensitive to referential  indices.  As mentioned  previously,  words
or  noun  phrases  may  not  be  legitimately  deleted  by  a  Free  dele-

34  /  The  Structure  of Language
tion transformation  if they  bear a referential  index which  connects
them  to  some  person  or  thing.  This  shows  up  as  a  change  in
meaning  if  this  condition  is  not  met  and  the  transformation  is
applied.  Notice the difference between:
(35) a. Kathleen laughed at someone.
b. Kathleen laughed.
(36) a. Kathleen laughed at her sister.
b. Kathleen laughed.
The  (b)  version  of  (35)  is  understood  to  mean  roughly  the  same
thing  as  the  (a)  version,  but  the  (b)  version  of  (36)  conveys  less
information  and  means  something different.  This  example  shows
the  gene/al  condition  which  a  Free  deletion  transformation  must
meet  to  apply  legitimately  —  that  the  element  being  deleted  may
not  have  a  referential  index  which  connects  to  some  specific  part
of  the  speaker's  model  of his experience.  In effect, this  means that
each  time  a  Free  deletion  transformation  has  applied  the  deleted
element  necessarily  had  no referential  index  in  the  Deep Structure
representation  — that  is,  it  was an element which  is not connected
to anything in  the experience of the speaker.
In addition  to the  way that referential  indices interact with  the
set  of  Deletion  transformations,  we  as  native  speakers  have  full
intuitions  about  their  general  use.  Specifically,  each  of  us  as  a
native  speaker  can  consistently distinguish  words and  phrases such
as this page,  the Eiffel Tower,  the  Vietnam  War,  I,  the Brooklyn
Bridge, . . .  which  have a referential index from words and  phrases
such  as someone, something,  everyplace that there is trouble, all
the  people  who  didn't  know  me,  it,  .  ..  which  do  not  have  a
referential  index.  The  first  set  of  words  and   phrases  identifies
specific  portions  of  the  speaker's  model  of  his  experience  while
the   second  group   does  not.  This  second  group  of  words  and
phrases  without  a  referential  index  is  one  of  the  major  ways  in
which  the  modeling  process of Generalization  is realized  in  natural
language systems.
In  recent  work  in  linguistics,  transformationalists  have  begun
to  explore  how  presuppositions  work  in  natural  language. Certain
sentences  imply  that  certain  other sentences  must  be true  in  order
for them  to  make  sense.  For example,  if I  hear you  say:
(37)  There is a cat on the table.
I  may  choose  to  believe that there  is a cat on the table or not and,
either  way,  I  can  make  sense out of what you  are saying.  However,
if I  hear you say:
(38)  Sam realized that there is a cat on the table.
I  must  assume  that  there  is,  in  fact,  a  cat  on  the table  in  order to
make  any  sense  out  of  what you  are saying. This difference  shows

The  Structure  of Language  /  35
up   clearly    if   I   introduce   the   negative   element   not   into   the
sentence.
(39)   Sam  doesn't realize  that  there  is  a  cat  on  the  table.
This  shows  that  when  one  says   tfie   sentence  which   means  the
opposite  —  the  one  that  denies  what  the  first one  claims  is true —
one  still  must  assume  that  there  is  a  cat  on  the  table  in  order  to
make  sense  out  of  the  sentence.  A  sentence  which  must  be  true  in
order  for  some  other  sentence  to  make  sense  is  called  the  presup-
position  of the  second  sentence.
AN  OVERVIEW
The   parts   of   the   transformational   model   relevant  for  our
purposes  have  been  presented.  Viewed  together,  they constitute  a
representation   of  the  process  that  humans  go  through   in  repre-
senting  their  experience  and  communicating  that  representation.
When   humans   wish   to  communicate   their  representation,   their
experience  of  the  world,  they form  a complete  linguistic  represen-
tation  of  their  experience;  this  is  called  the   Deep  Structure.  As
they  begin  to  speak,  they  make  a  series  of  choices  (transforma-
tions)   about   the   form   in   which   they   will   communicate   their
experience.  These  choices are  not,  in general, conscious choices.
The  structure of a sentence can be viewed as the result of a
series   of  syntactic   choices  made   in  generating  it.  The
speaker  encodes  meaning  by  choosing  to  build  the  sen-
tence   with   certain   syntactic   features,   chosen   from   a
limited  set.
(T. Winograd, Understanding Natural Language, p.
16,  in  Cognitive  Psychology,  Vol.  3,  no.  1,  Jan.,
1972)
Our  behavior  in  making  these  choices  is,  however,  regular  and  rule
governed.  The  process  of  making  this  series  of  choices  (a  deriva-
tion)  results  in  a  Surface  Structure  —  a  sentence  or  sequence  of
words  which  we  recognize  as  a  well-formed  group  of words  in  our
language.  This  Surface Structure  itself can  be viewed  as a  represen-
tation  of  the  full  linguistic  representation  —  the  Deep  Structure.
The  transformations  change  the structure  of the  Deep Structure  —
either  deleting  or  changing  the  word  order  —  but  do  not  change
the   semantic   meaning.   Graphically,   the   entire   process  can   be
viewed  as:  (See top  of  page 36)
The  model  of  this  process  is  a  model  of  what  we  do  when  we
represent  and  communicate  our  model  —  a  model  of  a  model  — a

36  /  The  Structure  of Language
The World
Transformations
(Derivation)
The  Complete  Linguistic  Representation
Deep  Structure
Surface  Structure
The  Representation  (communicated)
of the  Complete  Representation
Meta-model.  This  Meta-model  represents  our  intuitions  about  our
experience.  For  example,  our intuition of synonymy — the case  in
which  two^Jr  more  Surface  Structures  have  the  same  semantic
meaning, i.e., the same  Deep Structure — is represented as:
Deep  Structure
Derivations
(series of
transformations)       /
Surface
Structure  1.
Surface
Structure  2.
In terms of a  specific example, then:
Deep Structure:   Joe says  Mary hit  Sam.
Surface
Structure  3.
Surface
Structure  1.
Joe says that
Mary hit Sam.
Surface
Structure  2.
Joe says that Sam
was hit by  Mary.
Surface
Structure  3.
Sam was said by
Joe to  have  been
hit by  Mary.
Synonymy   in   the   Meta-model   means  that   the  same   Deep
Structure  is connected  with  more  than  one  Surface Structure.
Ambiguity  is the opposite case.  Ambiguity  is the intuition  that
native  speakers  use   when  the  same  Surface  Structure  has  more
than one distinct semantic  meaning  and  is represented  as:  (See top
of  page 37)
Ambiguity  in  the  Meta-model  is  the  case  wherein  more  than
one  Deep Structure  is connected  by  transformations  with  the  same
Surface  Structure.
The  intuition  of  well-formedness  is  represented  in  the  Meta-
model  in  that  any  sequence  of  words  is  well  formed  just  in  case

The  Structure  of Language  /  37
Deep  Structure
Derivation
(series of
Deep  Structure         Deep  Structure
transformations)
Surface  Structure
As a specific example:
Deep Strue.i    FBI  agents who        Deep  Struc.n    For someone  to
are conducting
investigations can
be  dangerous for
someone.
investigate  FBI
agents can be
dangerous  for
someone.
Surface Structure:    Investigating FBI  agents can  be dangerous.
there  is  a  series  of  transformations  (a  derivation)  which  carries
some   Deep  Structure  into  that  sequence  of  words  —  a  Surface
Structure.  Thus,  the  Meta-model  is  an  explicit  representation  of
our unconscious,  rule-governed  behavior.
SUMMARY
Human   language   is  a   way   of  representationing  the  world.
Transformational  Grammar  is  an  explicit  model  of  the  process  of
representing   and   of  communicating  that  representation  of  the
world.   The   mechanisms  within  Transformational  Grammar  are
universal  to  all  human  beings  and  the  way  in  which  we  represent
our experience.  The  semantic  meaning  which  these  processes  rep-
resent  is  existential,  infinitely  rich  and  varied.  The  way  in  which
these  existential  meanings  are  represented  and  communicated  is
rule  governed.  Transformational
1
 Grammar models not the existen-
tial  meaning,  but  the  way that infinite  set is formed — the  rules of
representations  themselves.
The  nervous  system  which   is  responsible  for  producing  the
representational  system  of  language  is the  same  nervous system  by
which   humans   produce   every   other   model   of   the   world   —

38  /  The  Structure  of Language
thinking,  visual,  kinistic, etc....  The  same  principles  of structure
are  operating  in  each  of these  systems.  Thus,  the formal  principles
which   linguists   have   identified   as   part   of  the   representational
system   called   language  provide  an  explicit  approach   to   under-
standing  any  system  of human  modeling.
FOOTNOTES  FOR  CHAPTER  2
1.    This  use  of  language  to communicate  is actually  a special  case  of the
use  of  language  to  represent.  Communication  is,  in  this  way  of thinking,  the
representation  to  others  of  our  representation  to  ourselves.  In  other  words,
we  use  language  to  represent  our  experience  —  this  is  a private  process.  We
then  use  language to  represent our representation  of our experience — a social
process.
2.    The  symbol   *  will  be  used  in  this  book  to  identify  sequences  of
English  words which  are  not well-formed  sentences  of English.
3.    We  provide  an  appendix,  which  presents the transformational  model
more  thoroughly,  and  a  selective,  annotated  bibliography for  those who wish
to further examine the  transformational  model  of  language.
4.    This  is  not  true  of  all   linguists  who  may  refer  to  themselves  as
transformationalists.   The   present  split  in  the  field  —  Extended  Standard
Theorists  and  Generative  Semanticists  —  is  not  relevant for  our  purposes  in
adapting  certain  portions  of  the  Transformational  model  for  our  Meta-model
for  therapy.  The  recent  work,  especially  by  people  in  Generative  Semantics,
will  be  useful,  we  believe,  in  expanding  the  Meta-model  we present here.  See
the bibliography  for  sources.
5.    Strictly  speaking,  the  deletion  of  the  elements  deleted  in  the text is
not  legitimate  from  a  purely  linguistic  point  of  view,  as  they  are  carrying
referential indices — the process, however,  is typical of clients in therapy.

Chapter  3
THE  STRUCTURE  OF  MAGIC
One  of  the  mysteries  in  the  field  of  therapy  is  that,  although
the  various  schools  of  therapy  have  very  different  forms,  they  all
succeed   to   some  degree.  This  puzzle  will  be  solved  when  the
effective  methods  shared  by  the  different  psychotherapies  can  be
described  in  a  single  set  of  terms,  thus  making  the  similarities
explicit  and  thereby  learnable  by  therapists of any school.
1
.  .. this  list  of  similarities  [among  the  various  forms  of
psychotherapy  —  RB/JG]  is  hardly  comprehensive; there
would  seem  to  be  sufficient  indication  that  a  more  thor-
ough  study  of  all  forms of psychotherapy  in  terms  of their
similar  formal  patterns  would  be  rewarding.  A  more  rig-
orous  science  of psychotherapy  will arrive when the proce-
dures  in  the  various  methods  can  be  synthesized  down  to
the  most  effective  strategy  possible  to  induce  a  person  to
spontaneously  behave  in  a  different matter.
J. Haley, Strategies of Psychotherapy, 1967, p. 85
The  one  feature  that  is  present  in  all  forms  of  therapy  when
they  are  successful  is  that  the  people  in  therapy  change  in  some
way.  This  change  is  given  different  names  by  different  schools  of
therapy,  such  as:  1) fixing,  2)  cure,  3) growth, 4)  enlightenment,
5)  behavior  modification,  etc.  Whatever  the  name  given  the  phe-
nomenon,  it  somehow  makes  the  person's  experience  richer  and
better.  This  is  not  surprising  as  every  form  of  therapy  claims  to
help  people  operate  more  successfully  in  the  world.  When  people
change,  their  experience  and  model  of  the  world  is  different.  No

40  /  The  Structure  of Magic
matter  what  their  techniques,  the different forms of therapy  make
it  possible for  people to  change  their  model  of the world  and  some
make  part of that  model  new.
What  we  are  offering  here  is  not  a  new school of therapy, but
rather  a  specific  set  of  tools/techniques  which   are  an  explicit
representation  of  what  is  already  present  to  some  degree  in  each
form  of  therapy.  The  unique  aspects  of  the  Meta-model  we  are
presenting  are:  first,  that  it  is  based  on  the  intuitions  already
available  to  every  native  speaker,  and  second,  it  is  an  explicit
model  in that it is learnable.
THE  META-MODEL
The  Meta-model  we  are  presenting  is  in  large  part  inspired  by
the  formal  model  developed  in  transformational  linguistics.  Since
the  transformational  model  was created  to  answer questions which
are  not  immediately  connected  with  the  way that  humans change,
not  all  portions  of  it  are  equally  useful  in  creating  a  Meta-model
for  therapy.  Thus,  we  have  adapted  the  model,  selecting only the
portions  relevant for  our  purposes  and  arranging them  in a system
appropriate for our objectives in  therapy.
In  this  chapter,  we  will  present  our  Meta-model  for  therapy.
Here,  our  intention  is  to  give  you  an  overall  picture  of  what  is
available  in  the  Meta-model  and  how  it  works.  In  the  two  suc-
ceeding  chapters,  we  become  specific,  showing you  in  a step-by-
step  format  how  to  apply  the  Meta-model  techniques.  For  this
chapter,  we  urge  you  to  read  through  the  discussion  and  attempt
to get the overall  image we present.  We will  sharpen and detail that
image in the following chapters.
Deletions:  The  Missing  Parts of the Model
In  most  forms  of therapy  (with  the  possible exclusion  of some
physical  therapies)  one  of  the  things  that  goes  on  is  a  series  of
verbal  transactions  between  the "client"  and  the "therapist." One
of  the  common  features  of  the  therapeutic  encounter  is  that  the
therapist  tries  to  find  out  what the client  has  come to therapy for;
what  the  client  wants  to  change.  In  our  terms,  the  therapist  is
attempting  to find  out  what  model  of the  world  the client  has. As
clients  communicate  their  models  of  the  world,  they  do  it  in
Surface  Structures.  These Surface Structures will  contain deletions
such  as  those  described  in the  last chapter. The way that the client
uses  language  to  communicate  his  model/representation  is subject
to  the  universal  processes  of  human  modeling  such  as  deletion.

The Structure of Magic / 41
The Surface Structure  itself is a representation of the full  linguistic
representation  from  which  it  is  derived  —  the  Deep  Structure.  In
the  case  wherein  the  linguistic  process  of  deletion  has  occurred,
the  resulting  verbal  description  —  the  Surface  Structure  —  is
necessarily   missing  for  the  therapist.  This   piece   may   also  be
missing  from  the  client's  conscious  model  of  the  world.  If  the
model  of  the  client's  experience  has  pieces  missing,  it  is  impov-
erished.  Impoverished  models,  as  we  stated  before,  imply  limited
options  for  behavior.  As  the  missing  pieces  are  recovered,  the
process of change  in that  person  begins.
The  first  step  is  for  the  therapist  to  be  able  to  determine
whether  the client's Surface Structure  is a complete  representation
of the full  linguistic  representation  from  which  it is derived — the
Deep  Structure.  At  this  point  in  time,  therapists  either  have  a
highly  developed  sense  of  intuitions  based  upon  their experiences
or  they  may  use  the  explicit  Meta-model  to  recover  the  missing
pieces.   In  the   Meta-model,   the  intuitions,   which  every  native
speaker of the  language  has,  come into play. The client says:
I'm scared.
The  therapist  now  checks  his  (or  her)  intuitions  to  determine
whether  the  client's  Surface  Structure  is  complete.  One  way  of
doing  this   (we   present  this  process  in  detail   in  the  following
chapters)   is  to   ask  yourself  whether  you  can  think  of  another
well-formed  sentence  in  English  which  has  the  same  process word
scare  and  more noun arguments than the client's Surface Structure
with  that  same  verb  scare.   If  you  can  think  of  such  a  Surface
Structure, then the client's Surface Structure is incomplete.
Therapists are  now faced  with  three  broad  options.
2
  They  may
accept  the  impoverished  model,  they   may   ask  for  the  missing
piece,  or  they  may  guess  at  it.  The  first  option,  accepting  the
impoverished  model,  presents  the  difficulty  of making the  process
of  therapy  slow  and  tedious,  as  it  places  total  responsibility  for
recovering  the  model's  missing  pieces  on  the  client,  who  is  there
for  assistance  in  this  process  in  the  first  place.  We  are  not  sug-
gesting  that  change  is  not  possible  in  this  process,  but  that  it
requires  a  longer  period  of  time  than  is  necessary.  The_second_
choice  is  for  the  therapist  to  ask  for  the   piece  that   has  been
linguistically  deleted:
C:  I'm scared.
T:   Of what?
Either  the  client  supplies  the  material  in  his  model  that  has  been
linguistically   deleted   and   the  therapist's  understanding  of  that
model   becomes  more  complete,  or  the  piece  missing  from  the
client's  verbal  expression  is  also  missing  from  his  model.  Clients

42  /  The  Structure  of Magic
begin  the  process  of  self-discovery  and  change  as  they  begin  to
work  to fill  in  the  missing  pieces  and  become  actively  involved  in
this  process  of  self-discovery   —  expanding  themselves  by   ex-
panding their  model  of the world.
Therapists  have a third  choice —  they  may, from  long experi-
ence,  have  an  intuition  about  what the missing piece  is. They  may
choose  to  interpret  or  guess  at  the  missing  piece.  We  have  no
quarrel  with  this  choice.  There  is,  however,  the  danger  that  any
form  of interpretation or guessing  may be inaccurate.  We include a
safeguard  for  the  client  in  our  Meta-model.  The  client  tries  the
interpretation  or  guess  by-the  therapist  by  generating  a  sentence
which   includes  that   material   and   checks  his  intuitions  to   see
whether  it  fits,  makes  sense,  is  an  accurate  representation  of  his
model  of the  world.  For  example,  the therapist  may  have a strong
intuition  that  the  client  is  scared  of  his  father.  His  intuition  may
be   based  upon  previous  therapy  or  upon  his  recognition  of  a
particular  body  posture  or  movement  he  has  seen  the client  use  at
other  times  when  the  subject  of  his  father  has  come  up.  In  this
case, the exchange  may go:
C:  I'm scared.
T:   /  want you to try saying this and see whether it fits for
you:  "My father scares me."
What  he  is  asking  the  client  to  do  here  is  to  say  the  Surface
Structure  containing  his  guess  or interpretation  and  see  whether  it
fits  the  client's  full  representation,  the  Deep  Structure.
3
   If  this
new  Surface  Structure  containing  the  therapist's  intuition  about
the  identity  of  the  deleted  portion  of  the  client's original  Surface
Structure  fits  the  client's  model,  he  will  typically  experience  a
certain  sensation  of  congruity  or  recognition.  If  not,  the  Meta-
model   techniques  are  available   as  a  guide  for  recovering  the
missing  material  which  actually  fits  the  client's  model.  The  safe-
guard  for the client's integrity  is for the therapist to  be sensitive to
the  client's  intuitions  and  experience  by  having  the  client  judge
whether  the  therapist's  guess  is  accurate  for  his  model  by  saying
the  sentence and  seeing whether it fits.
The  need  for  therapists  to  be  aware  of  the  integrity  of  their
clients  has  been  widely  recognized.  Polster  and  Polster  (1973,  p.
68)  comment:
There  is  no  precise  yardstick  to  identify  the  limits  of  an
individual's  power  to  assimilate  or  express  feelings  which
have explosive possibilities, but there is a basic safeguard —
not  forcing  or  seducing  him  into  behaviors  which  he  him-
self has not largely set up.

The  Structure  of Magic  /  43
In  general,  the  effectiveness  of a  particular form  of therapy  is
associated   with   its  ability   to   recover  "suppressed"  or  missing
pieces  of  the  client's  model.  Thus,  the  first  step  in  acquiring  this
set  of  tools  is  to  learn  to  identify  the  pieces  missing  in  the  model
—  specifically,  to  identify  the  fact  that  linguistic  deletion   has
occurred.  The  pieces that  are  missing  in  the  Surface Structure  are
the  material  which  has  been  removed  by the  Deletion Transforma-
tions.   Recovering  the  missing  material  involves  a  movement  to-
ward a fuller representation — the  Deep Structure.
Distortion:  Process      *-Event
One  of  the  ways  people  become  immobilized  is  to  turn  an
ongoing  process  into  an  event.  Events  are  things  which  occur  at
one  point  in  time  and  are  finished.  Once  they  occur,  their out-
comes  are  fixed  and  nothing  can  be  done  to  change  them.
4
  This
way  of  representing  their  experience  is  impoverishing  in  the  sense
that  clients  lose control  of ongoing  processes  by  representing them
as  events.  Linguists  have  identified  the  linguistic  mechanism  for
turning a process into an event. This is called nominalization and  is
discussed  in  the  last  chapter.  The  therapist's  ability  to  challenge
the  distorted  portions  of the client's  model  involving the  represen-
tation  of  processes  as  events  requires  that  the  therapist be able to
recognize  nominalizations  in  the  client's  Surface  Structures.  This
can be accomplished by examining the client's Surface Structure —
check   each   of  the   non-verbs   in   the  sentence,  asking  yourself
whether  you  can  think  of  a  verb  or  adjective  which  is  closely
associated  with  it  in  appearance/sound  and  meaning.  (Again,  a
more  detailed  procedure  will  be given  in  Chapter 4.)  For example,
as  the  client  begins  to  discuss  some  ongoing  process  in  his life  —
the  continuing  process  of  his  deciding  to  avoid confronting some-
one  about  something  —  he   may  represent  this  process  in  his
Surface Structure by  the  phrase my decision:
I really regret my decision.
The  therapist,  checking  for  distortions,  identifies  the  noun  deci-
sion  as  being  similar  in  appearance/sound  and  meaning  to  the
process word decide — thus, a nominalization.
The  task  of  the  therapist  is  to  help  the client  see  that what he
has  represented  in  his  model  as  a  closed,  finished  event  is  an
ongoing  process  which  may  be  influenced  by  him.  There  are  a
number  of  ways  of  accomplishing  this.  For example,  the therapist
may  ask  how  the  client  feels  about  his  decision.  When  the  client
responds  that  he  is  dissatisfied,  the  therapist  asks  what  it  is that
stops  him  from  reconsidering  his  decision.  The  client  responds,
and  the  therapist  continues  to  apply  the  techniques  of  the  Meta-

44 / The Structure of Magic
model.  Here,  the  therapist  is  working  to  reconnect the event with
the present  process.
Another challenge the therapist  may  use is:
You  have  made your decision and there is nothing which
you can imagine that would change your decision?
Again,  the  client  responds  with  a  Surface  Structure  which  the
therapist  may  use,  along  with  the  Meta-model,  as  a  guide  to  his
next  move  in  inducing change  in the client.
The effect of systematically  applying  these two  techniques:
(a)   Recovery   of   pieces   removed   by  the  deletion  trans-
formations from  the  Deep Structure.
(b)  Transformation   of  nominalizations  back  into  process
words they  were derived from — the  Deep Structure.
yields a fuller  representation  of  the  client's model — the linguistic
Deep  Structure  from  which  the  client's  initial  verbal  expressions,
or  Surface  Structures,  were  derived.  This  process actively  involves
the  client  in  filling  in  the  missing  pieces  and  in  turning  things
represented  as  events  back  into  processes,  thereby  beginning  the
process  of change.
Deep  Structures  are  fullest  linguistic  representations  of  the
client's  experience.  They  may  differ from  that  person's experience
in  a  number  of  ways  which  are  already  familiar  to you.  These  are
the   three  features  which   are  common  to  all   human  modeling
processes:  Deletion,  Distortion,  and  Generalization.  These  are the
universal   processes  of  human  modeling  —  the  way  that  people
create  any  representation  of their experience.
The  intuitions  which  are  represented  in  the  transformational
model  of  language  are  special  cases  of  these  three  principles; for
example,  sentences  or  Surface Structures which  have  no  expressed
subject  are  examples  of  the  process  of  deletion.  To  develop  an
image  of  the  model  the  client  has,  this  missing  piece  has  to  be
restored; the expression  has to be reconnected with  its source — its
fullest  representation.  In the  case of a Surface Structure,  its source
and  fullest  representation  is  the  Deep Structure.  In the  case of the
Deep  Structure,  the  client's  experiences  are  the  source  for  the
representation.  While  Deep  Structure  is the fullest linguistic  repre-
sentation,  it  is  derived from  a fuller, richer source — the sum total
of  the  client's  experiences.
5
   Not  surprisingly,  the  same  universal
processes  of  human  modeling  which  give  us  a  systematic  way  of
assisting  the  client  in  going from  an  impoverished  Surface  Struc-
ture  to a  complete  linguistic  representation  —  the  Deep Structure
— provide a systematic  way of connecting the linguistic  representa-
tion  for  that  person  to  the  set  of full  experiences from which  the
full  linguistic representation  is derived.

The  Structure  of Magic  /  45
Deep Structure and  Beyond
As   we   have   repeatedly   pointed   out,   individuals   who  find
themselves in therapy  and  wish  help  in  changing are typically  there
because  they  feel  that  they  do not  have enough  choices, that they
are  unable  to  behave  other  than  they  do.  Furthermore,  however
peculiar  their  behavior  may  appear  to  us,  it  makes  sense  in  their
model  of the world.
The  therapist  has  succeeded  in  involving  the  client  in  recov-
ering  the  Deep  Structure  —  the full  linguistic  representation.  The
next  step  is  to  challenge  that  Deep  Structure  in  such  a  way  as  to
enrich  it.  The  therapist  has  a  number of choices at this point. The
basic  principle  here  is that  people  end  up  in  pain, not  because the
world  is  not  rich  enough  to  allow  them  to  satisfy  their  needs,  but
because  their  representation  of  the  world  is  impoverished.  Corre-
spondingly,  then,  the  strategy  that  we  as  therapists  adopt  is  to
connect  the  client  with  the  world  in  some  way  which  gives him a
richer  set  of  choices.  In  other  words,  since  the  client  experiences
pain   by   having  created  an  impoverished  representation  of  the
world  and  forgetting  that  the  representation  is  not  the world, the
therapist  will  assist  the  client  in  changing  just  in  case  he  comes to
behave   in   some  way  inconsistent  with   his  model  and  thereby
enriches  his  model.  There  are  a  number  of  ways of accomplishing
this,  many  of which  have  been  described  in detail. The importance
of  clear  sensory  channels,  the  uncovering  of  patterns  of  coping
with  stress  learned  in  the  family  system,  the  childhood  traumas,
the  imposition  of  therapeutic  double  binds  —  are  all  examples  of
the   emphases   which  the  various  forms  of  psychotherapy   have
selected   as  their   way   of  challenging  the  client's  impoverished
model.  Whatever  the  schocH  of  therapy  and  whatever  its  typical
emphasis  and  form  of  treatment,  when  successful  it  characteris-
tically  involves two features:
(1)  A   large   amount   of  communication   in  the  form  of
language.
6
(2)  A   change  in  the  client's  representation/model  of  the
world.
What  we  offer  in  our  Meta-model  relates  directly  to  both  of
these features of successful therapy.  Language is both a representa-
tional  system  and  the   means  or  process  of  communicating  our
representation  of the world. The  processes which  we go through  to
communicate  our  experience  are  the  same  processes  which  we  go
through  in  creating  our  experience.  Seen  in  this way, the  recovery
of  the  full  Deep  Structure from  the  Surface  Structure  corresponds
to  the  uncovering  of the client's full  linguistic  model  of the world;
the  challenge  to  the  client's  Deep  Structure  is directly a challenge

46 / The Structure of Magic
to   the   client's  full   linguistic   representation.  The   same  tools/
techniques apply to both.
The  processes  by  which  people  impoverish  their representation
of  the  world  are  the  same  processes  by  which  they  impoverish
their  expression  of their representation  of the world.  The  way  that
people  have  created  pain  for  themselves  involves  these  processes.
Through   them  they  have  created  an  impoverished  model.  Our
Meta-model  offers a specific  way  to challenge  these  same  processes
to  enrich  their  model.  First,  the  Meta-model  specifies  the  process
of  moving from  Surface  Structure  to  Deep Structure.  The  process
of  the  moving from  a  Surface Structure with  a deletion to the full
Deep  Structure  not  only  provides  the  therapist  with  an  accurate
image  of the  client's  model,  but  in  the  process  the  client  may,  in
fact,  expand  the  model  in  attempting  to  recover  the  deletion  for
which  the  therapist  is  asking.  Second,  it  supplies  a  format  for
challenging  the  Deep  Structure  and  reconnecting  it  with  the  per-
son's experience, thus making change possible.
Having  recovered  the client's linguistic  model  of the world, the
therapist  may  now  select  any  one,  or more than  one, of a number
of  techniques  of  treatment  which  he  feels  useful  in  the  context.
The  therapist  may,  for  example,  choose  to  impose  a  therapeutic
double-bind   (Haley,   1973)   or  to   use  an  enactment  technique
(Perls,  1973),  to  assist  in  the  process  of  change,  or  continue  to
challenge  the  client's  model  by  purely  verbal  work.  In  each  of
these  cases,  language  is  involved. The effectiveness and  potency  of
a  therapist  is  intimately  connected  with  the  richness  of  his  Meta-
model  —  the  number  of  choices  he  has  and  his skill  in combining
these  options.  Our focus  in  this work will  be on  the verbal/digital,
not the  non-verbal/analogical  techniques, for two  reasons:
(1)  Verbal  transactions  are  a significant form  of communi-
cation  in  all  styles of therapy.
(2)  We  have  developed  a model for natural  language which
is explicit.
We  will  show  in  detail  later  that  the  Meta-model  which  we
have  created  from  the  Transformational  Grammar  model  for  a
therapeutic  Meta-model  can  be  generalized  to  non-verbal  systems
of communication as well.
7
Challenging  Deep Structure
For  the  therapist  to challenge  the  Deep Structure  is equivalent
to  demanding  that  the  client  mobilize  his  resources  to  reconnect
his  linguistic  model  with  his  world  of  experience.  In  other words,
the  therapist  here  is  challenging  the  client's  assumptions  that  his
linguistic model  is reality.

The Structure of Magic / 47
Challenging  Generalizations
One  element  that  a  client's  model  will  possess which typically
impoverishes  his  experience  is  that  of generalization.  Correspond-
ingly,  the  Deep  Structure  which  represents  the  impoverished  por-
tion  of  the  model  will  contain  words  and  phrases  which  have  no
referential  index  and  verbs which  are  incompletely specified.
Clarity Out of Chaos — the Noun/Arguments
As  the  missing  pieces  of  the  client's  Deep  Structure  are  re-
covered,  the  model  of  the  client's  experience  may  become  more
complete,  yet  it  may  still  be  unclear  and  unfocused.
8
  The  client
says:
C:  I'm scared.
T:   Of what?
C:   Of   people.
At  this  point,  the  therapist  either  has  a  well-developed   set  of
intuitions  about  what  to  do  next  or  he   may   use  our  explicit
Meta-model  as  a  guide.  One  explicit  way  of  determining  which
portions  of  the  verbal  expression  (and  the  model  it  represents)  are
unfocused  is  to  check  for noun  arguments that  have  no referential
index.  The  therapist  again  has  three  basic  choices:  to  accept  the
unfocused  model,  to  ask  a  question  which  demands  focusing  of
the model, or to  guess what the focused  model  may  be. The choice
made  by  the  therapist  here  has  the  same  consequences  as did  his
attempting  to  recover  pieces  missing  in  the  model.  If the therapist
chooses to  ask for the  missing referential  index,  he simply  says:
Who, specifically (scaresyou)?
If,  on  the  other  hand,  the  therapist  has  an  intuition  about  the
identity of the noun  phrase which  has no referential  index,  he  may
decide  to  guess.  In  this  case,  the  same  way  of  safeguarding  the
client's integrity  is available  if the  therapist  chooses  to  guess.
C:  I'm scared.
T:   Of what?
C:   Of   people.
The  therapist  decides  to  guess who  it  is who specifically  scares the
client.  Employing the  safeguard  we recommend, the therapist  asks
the  client  to   say  the  Surface  Structure  which  incorporates  the
therapist's guess.
T: / want you to try saying this and see whether you feel
it  fits  for you:  'My  father scares  me."
The  client  now  says  the  Surface  Structure incorporating the  guess
or  interpretation  and  determines  whether  it  fits  his  model.   In
either  case,  the  therapist  is  responding  —  challenging  the  client's
generalization  by  demanding  that  the  client  connect  this generali-

48  /  The  Structure  of Magic
zation  with  his  specific  experience  —  by  demanding a  referential
index.  This,  the  next  step  in  the  process  of  the  therapist's  under-
standing  the client's model,  is the challenge to the  noun  arguments
which  have  no referential  index.
The  word  "people"  does  not  pick  out  a  specific  individual  or
group  of  individuals  in  the  client's  model.  The  client  may  supply
the  referential  index  missing  in the verbal  expression and  available
in  his  model  and  the therapist's understanding of his model  is thus
more  focused,  or  the  referential  index   may  be  missing  in  the
client's  model  also.  If  that  portion  of  the  client's  model  is  also
unfocused,  the  question  by  the therapist allows the client to work
toward  clarifying  his  model  and  to  become  more  involved  in  the
process.
Notice  that  the  client  may  produce  a  number  of  responses
such  as  "people  who  hate  me,"  "all  the  people  I  always  thought
were  my friends," "everyone  I  know," "some of my family,"  none
of  which   have   referential   indices  —  they  are  intentional,  not
extensional,  descriptions  of  the  person's  experience.
9
  They  repre-
sent  generalizations  which  are  still  not  connected  to  the  client's
experience.  The  therapist  continues  to  challenge  these  formula-
tions by asking:
Who, specifically?
until  they  get  from  the  client  a  verbal  expression  which  has  a
referential  index.  Finally,  the client  responds:
My father scares me.
The  demand  by  the  therapist  for full  Deep  Structure  representa-
tions  which  include  only  words and  phrases which  have  referential
indices  is  a  demand  that  the  client  re-connect  his  generalizations
with  the  experience  from  which  they  came.  Next,  the  therapist
asks  himself whether the  image  he  has of the client's model  is clear
and focused.
Clarity Out of Chaos — Verb/Process Words
Both  the  nouns in the verbal expression:
My father scares me.
have  referential  indices  (my  father  and  me).  The  process  word  or
verb  in  the  expression,  however,  gives  us  no  clear  image  of  pre-
cisely  how  the  experience  took  place.  We  know  that  the  client  is
scared  and  that  his father  scares  him,  but  how, exactly,  his father
scares  him  is  incompletely  represented  —  what,  specifically,  is  it
that  he  does  which  scares  him.  The  therapist  asks  the  client  to
focus  his  image  by the question:
How does your father scare you?
This is again a request by the  therapist for the client to connect  his

The Structure of Magic / 49
generalization  to  the  experience  from  which  it  was  derived.  The
answer  to  this  question  by  the  client  is  a  new  Surface  Structure
which  the  therapist  now  examines  for  completeness  and  clarity,
asking  himself  whether  all  the  portions  of  the full  Deep  Structure
representation  are  reflected  in  that  Surface  Structure.  The  thera-
pist  continues  to  examine  the  Surface  Structures generated  by  the
client,  recovering  the  Deep  Structure  and  challenging  the  Deep
Structure  for  generalizations  which   make  the  model  unfocused
and  incompletely  specified  until  the  image  that  the  therapist  has
of the client's  model  is clear.
Challenging  Deletions
When  human  beings  create their linguistic  models of the world,
they  necessarily  select  and  represent  certain  portions of the  world
and  fail  to  select  and  represent  others.
10
  Thus,  one  way  in  which
the full linguistic representation — the  Deep Structure — will differ
from  the  experience  which  it  represents  is  by  being  a  reduced
version  of  the  client's full  experience  of the world. This  reduction
may, as we said before, be a useful reduction, or it may impoverish
the  model  in  such  a  way  that  it  creates  pain  for  that  person. The
techniques  available  to  the  therapist  to  assist  the  client  in  recov-
ering  portions  of  his  experience  which  he  did  not  represent  in  his
model   are   many.   In   the   area  of  combined  verbal—non-verbal
techniques,  for  example,  the  client  might  be  asked  to  enact  the
specific  situation  from  which  he  generalized  and  to  describe  his
experience  fully  as  he  re-lives  it —  thus  presenting  the  portion  of
his  experience to which  he  had failed  previously to give a linguistic
representation.  This  re-connects  the client with  his experience and
simultaneously  provides the therapist with  valuable content as well
as  an  understanding  of  how  the  person  typically  represents  his
experiences.  Again,  our  intention  in  this  study  is  to  focus  on  the
linguistic  techniques.
The  therapist's  task  is  to  challenge  deletions  which  are  not
useful;  those  which  cause  pain  are  ones  which  are associated with
areas  of  impossibility,  areas  in  which  the client literally  cannot  see
any  choices  other  than  ones  which  are  unsatisfactory  —  ones
which  are  painful.  Typically,  an  area  in  which  an  impoverishing
deletion  has  occurred  is one  in  which the client's perception of his
potential  is limited  — he  seems to be blocked, stuck, doomed. . . .
The  technique  of  recovering  the  full  linguistic  representation
works  and  it  is  learnable,  as  there exists an explicit representation
— the  Deep Structure — with  which  the  Surface Structure  can be
compared.  This  is  essentially  the  process  of comparing a represen-
tation  (Surface  Structure)  with  the full  model  from  which  it  was

50  /  The  Structure  of Magic
derived — the  Deep Structure. The  Deep Structures themselves are
derived   from   the  full   range  of  experience  available  to  human
beings.  The  Deep  Structure  is  available  to  any  native  speaker  by
intuition.  The world  of experience  is available to anyone willing to
experience  it.  As  therapists,  we  identify  as  a  deletion  from  the
client's  model  any  option  which  we  can  imagine  that  we  would
have,   or   anyone   whom   we   know   would   have,   in  the   same
situation.
At  this  point,  the  deletion  from  the  experience  of the  client's
model  of the world will often  be so obvious to therapists that they
may  begin  to  offer  suggestions/advice  about  alternative  ways  of
dealing with  the problem.  It is likely  we would  agree with  many  of
the  suggestions  made  by  the  therapist,  as  our  experience  would
include  these  alternatives,  but,  in  our  experience,  suggestions  or
advice  which  fall  into  the  gaps  created  by  deletion  in  a  client's
model  are relatively  ineffective.  These deletions  have  impoverished
the  client's  model,  and  it  is  precisely  those portions of the client's
possible  experience  which  the  therapist  is  recommending  that  are
not  represented  in the model.  Here, typically, the client will either
"resist"  or  not  hear  the  options,  as  he  has  deleted  them  from  his
model.  Thus,  we  suggest that  the  therapist  keep  these suggestions
until  the client's model  is rich  enough  to  incompass them.
An  additional  advantage  to  the  therapist's withholding  sugges-
tions  and  involving  the  client  in  challenging  his  own  model  and
creating  his  own  solutions  is  that  the  therapist  avoids  becoming
bogged  down  in  content  and  is  able  to  focus,  instead,  on  the
process  of directing  the  client's coping.  That  is,  the therapist  uses
his  Meta-model  to  operate  directly  on  the  client's  impoverished
model.
We  have  identified  a  number  of  questions  which  are  useful  in
assisting the client  in  expanding  his model.  When clients approach
the limits of their  models, they often  say  things  such  as:
/ can't trust people.
It's impossible for me to trust people.
Now,  since  we  as  therapists  know  that  either  we  ourselves  have
been  able  to  trust  others  or we  know  someone who  has succeeded
in  trusting  someone  else,  we  are  aware  that  the  world  is  rich
enough  to  allow  the  client  to  come  to  trust  people  —  it's  that
person's  model  which  prevents  it.  The  question  for  us  then  be-
comes:  How  is  it  that  some  people  are  able  to trust others but our
client  is  not?  We  get  this  directly  by  asking  the  client  to  explain
the  difference  in  his  model  which  makes  this  impossible.  That  is,
we ask:
What is it that stops you from trusting people?

The Structure of Magic / 51
or
What would happen if you trusted people?
A  full  answer  to  this  question  by  the  client  will  restore  some  of
the  deleted  material.  The  client,  of course,  will  respond  in  some
Surface  Structure.  The  therapist  has  the  tools  available  for  evalu-
ating  these  verbal  responses  —  the  processes  of restoring the  Deep
Structure,  of  focusing  portions  of  the  image  which  are  unclear.
These   same   tools  serve  the  therapist  in  assisting  the  client  to
change  by  re-connecting  the  client  with  his experience. The thera-
pist  has  a  goal,  using  the  techniques  of the  Meta-model,  to  gain a
clear, fully focused  image of the client's model  which  has a rich  set
of  choices  for  the  client  in  the  areas  in  which  the  client  has  pain.
The  use of the question:
What stops you from. . . ?
is  crucial  in  re-connecting  the  client  to  his  experience  in  such  a
way  as  to  give  him  access  to  material  which  was formerly deleted
and, therefore, not represented  in his model.
Distortion
By  distortion,  we  refer  to  things  which  are  represented  in the
client's  model  but  are  twisted  in  some  way  which  limits  his ability
to  act  and  increases  his  potential  for  pain.  There  are  a number of
ways  in  which  the   Deep  Structure  may  be  distorted  from  the
world  in such a way as to create pain.
Semantic  Well-Formedness
One  way  in  which  people  distort  their  model  and  cause them-
selves  pain  is  by  assigning  outside  of  their  control  responsibilities
which   are  within  their  control.  Linguists  have  identified  certain
expressions semantically  ill-formed.  For example:
George forced Mary to weigh 114 pounds.
Their  generalization  is  that  people  cannot  legitimately  be  said  to
be  able  to  cause  other  people  to  do  things  which  are  not  within
their voluntary  control.  We  have  generalized  the notion  of seman-
tic  ill-formedness to  include  sentences  such  as:
My husband makes me mad.
The therapist  can identify this sentence as  having the form:
Some person causes some person to have some emotion.
When  the  first  person,  the  one  doing  the  causing,  is  different
from  the  person  experiencing  the  anger,  the  sentence  is said  to  be
semantically    ill-formed    and    unacceptable.   The   semantic   ill-
formedness  of  sentences  of  this  type  arises  because  it,  literally,  is
not  possible for  one  human  being to create an emotion  in  another
human  being  —  thus,  we  reject  sentences  of this form.  Sentences

52  /  The  Structure  of Magic
of  this type,  in  fact,  identify  situations  in  which  one  person  does
some  act  and  a second  person responds  by feeling a certain  way.
The  point  here  is  that,  although  the  two  events  occur  one  after
another,  there  is  no  necessary  connection  between  the  act  of one
person  and  the  response  of  the  other. Therefore,  sentences of this
type identify  a  model  in  which  the client assigns responsibility for
his  emotions  to  people  or  forces outside  his control. The act itself
does  not  cause  the  emotion;  rather,  the  emotion  is  a  response
generated  from  a  model  in  which  the client takes no responsibility
for experiences which  he could control.
The  therapist's  task  at  this  point  is  to  challenge  the  model  in
some  way  which  assists  clients  in  taking  responsibility  for  their
responses.  This  can  be  accomplished  in  a  number  of  ways.  The
therapist  may  ask  if  she  becomes  angry  every  time  her  husband
does  what  he  does.  The  therapist  has  a  number  of  choices  at  this
point.  For  example,  if  the  client  maintains  that  she  always  be-
comes  angry   when   her  husband   does  this,  the  therapist  may
challenge  that  by  asking  how,  specifically,  he  makes  her angry.  If,
on  the  other  hand,  the  client  admits  that  sometimes  her  husband
does  what  he  does  and  she  doesn't  become  angry,  the  therapist
may  ask  her  to  identify  what  is different at  the times that this act
of  her  husband's  fails  to   have  its  "automatic"  effect.  We  will
present these  techniques  in  the next two chapters.
Again,  these  techniques  will  allow  the  therapist  to  re-connect
the   client   with   his   experience   and   to   untwist   the   limiting
distortions.
Presuppositions
What  may  at first appear to us as therapists as bizarre behavior
or  peculiar  statements  by  clients  will  make  sense  to  us  in  their
models.  To  have  a  clear  image  of the  client's  model  is  to  under-
stand  how  that  behavior  or  those  statements  make  sense.  This  is
equivalent  to  identifying  the assumptions that the client is making
in   his  model  of  the  world.  Assumptions  in  a  model  show  up
linguistically  as  presuppositions  of  the client's  sentences.  Presup-
positions  are  what  is  necessarily  true  for  the  statements  that  the
client   makes  to   make   sense   (not   to   be  true,  but  just  to  be
meaningful)  at  all.  One short-cut  method for therapists to identify
the  portions  of the  client's  model  which  are  impoverished  is to  be
able  to  recognize the  presuppositions of the client's sentences. The
client states:
/ realize that my wife doesn 't love me.
The  therapist  may  respond  by  identifying  the  presupposition  and
challenge  it  directly  by  bringing  the  presupposition of the  Surface

The  Structure  of Magic  /  53
Structure  out  into  the  open  for  examination  and  challenge.  In
order  to  understand  the  sentence  at  all,  it  is  necessary  for  the
therapist  to  accept  the  presuppositions:
Her husband doesn 't love her.
There  is  an  explicit  test  for  what,  if  any,  presuppositions a  sen-
tence  has.  The  therapist  takes  the  Surface  Structure  and  forms  a
new  sentence  which  is  the  same as the old  one except that it  has a
negative  word  in  it  attached  to  the  first  verb  —  in  this  case  the
sentence:
/ don't realize that my husband doesn't love me.
Then,  the  therapist simply  asks himself whether the  same  sentence
would   have  to  be  true  in  order  for  this  new  sentence  to  make
sense.  Any  sentence  which  must  be  true  for  both  the  client's
statement  and  the  new  statement,  which  was  formed  by  the  old
statement  plus  the  negative  word,  to  make  sense  is a  presupposi-
tion.  Presuppositions  are  particularly  insidious  as  they  are  not
presented  openly  for  consideration.  They  identify  in  the  model
some  of  the   basic  organizing  principles  which  limit  the  client's
experience.
Once  the  therapist  has  identified  the  presuppositions  of  the
client's  statements,  he  may  challenge  it directly  by  the  techniques
we  have already identified  in the Deletion Section.
SUMMARY
When  therapy,  whatever  its  form,  is  successful,  it  involves  a
change  in  the  clients'  models  in  some  way  which  allows  clients
more  choice  in  their  behavior.  The  methods  which  we  have  pre-
sented  in the  Meta-model  are effective in enriching a client's model
of the  world — which entails that some aspect of his model  is new.
It's  important   that  this   new   portion   of  his  model   be  solidly
connected  with  his  experience.  To  insure  this,  clients  must  actu-
ally  exercise,  practice,  become  familiar with,  and  experience their
new choices.  Most therapies  have  developed  specific techniques for
accomplishing this:  e.g.,  psychodrama,  homework,  tasks,  etc. The
purpose  of  these  techniques  is  to  integrate  the  new  aspect  of  his
model  into  the client's experience.
OVERVIEW
Successful  therapy  involves  change.  The  Meta-model,  adapted
from  the  transformational  model  of  language,  provides an  explicit

54  /  The  Structure  of Magic
method   for  understanding  and   changing  clients'   impoverished
models.  One  way  to  understand  the  overall  effect  of  this  Meta-
model  is  in  terms  of  well-formedness.  As  native  speakers,  we  can
consistently  distinguish  between  groups  of  words  which  are  well
formed —  i.e., sentences — and groups of words which  are not well
formed.  That  is,  we  can  intuitively  make  the  distinction  between
what  is  well  formed  in  English  and  what  is  not.  What  we  are
proposing  here  is  that  there  is  a  subset  of  the  well-formed  sen-
tences  of  English  which  we  recognize  as  well  formed  in  therapy.
This  set, the  set of sentences which  are well formed  in  therapy  and
acceptable to us as therapists, are sentences which:
(1)  Are well formed  in  English, and
(2)  Contain  no  transformational  deletions  or  unexplored
deletions  in  the  portion  of  the  model  in  which  the
client experiences no choice.
(3)  Contain  no nominalizations (process—»-event).
(4)  Contain  no words or  phrases lacking referential  indices.
(5)  Contain  no verbs incompletely specified.
(6)  Contain  no  unexplored  presuppositions  in  the  portion
of the  model  in  which  the client experiences  no choice.
(7)  Contain  no sentences which violate the semantic condi-
tions  of  well-formedness.
By  applying  these  well-formedness  conditions  to  the  client's  Sur-
face  Structures,  the  therapist  has  an  explicit  strategy for inducing
change in  the client's model.
11
  Using these grammatical conditions
appropriate  for  therapy,  therapists  enrich  their  model  independ-
ently  of  the  particular  form  of  therapy  they  do.  While  this  set of
tools  will  greatly  increase  the  potency  of any form  of therapy,  we
are  aware  that  there  is  a  great  deal  going  on  in  the  therapeutic
encounter  which   is  not  solely  digital  (verbal).   Rather,  we  are
saying  that  the digital  system  is  important, and  we  are offering an
explicit  Meta-model.  Trie  nervous  system  which  produces  digital
communication  (e.g.,  language)  is  the  same  nervous  system which
generates  the  other  forms  of  human  behavior  which  occur  in  the
therapeutic   encounter   —   analogical   communication   systems,
dreams,  etc.  The  remainder  of this book  is  designed  to  accomplish
two  things:  first,  to  familiarize  you  with  the  use  of  the  Meta-
model  we  have  presented,  and  secondly,  to  show  you  how  the
general  processes  of  the  Meta-model  for  the  digital  can  be  gener-
alized  to  these  other forms of human  behavior.

The  Structure  of Magic  /  55
FOOTNOTES  FOR CHAPTER 3
1.  We  highly  recommend  the  excellent  work  by  Jay  Haley,  Gregory
Bateson  and  his  associates,  Paul  Watlawick,  Janet  Beavin,  and  Don  Jackson.
Their  studies  appear  to  us  to  be,  at  present,  the  closest approximation  along
with the  Meta-model  to achieving this gqal.
2.  We are  aware that the three options discussed  here  do not exhaust all
the  logical or,  indeed, practical  possibilities.  The therapist could, for example,
ignore  completely  the  Surface  Structure  the  client  presents.  The  three  cate-
gories  of  response  by  the  therapist  that  we  discuss  seem  to us to  be the most
frequent.
3.   In  Chapter  6  we  will  return  to  this  technique  under  the  general
heading  of  Congruity  Technique.   Here,  simply,  the  client,  by  uttering  the
Surface   Structure,   calls  up  the   Deep  Structure.   If  the  Surface  Structure
corresponds  to  a  Deep  Structure  which  fits  his  model  (is  congruent  with  his
model),  the client will  experience  some recognition.
4.   In  Chapter  2,  as  well  as  in  the  remainder  of the book, we adopt the
standard  philosophical  linguistic  view  that only  nouns  in  the  Surface  Struc-
ture  which  correspond  to  verbs  in  Deep  Structure  are  the  result of nominali-
zations:  the  change  of the  representation  of a  process  into  an  event.  A  more
radical  view  is  that  even  Surface  Structure  nouns  which,  by  the  standard
linguistic  analysis,  do  not  correspond  to  verbs  in   Deep  Structure  are  the
representation  of  a  process  by  an  event.  In  this  view,  the  noun  chair  is  the
event  representation  of  what  we actually  experience  in  the  process of  percep-
tion,  manipulation, ...  one  which  has  space-time  coordinates  and  duration.
The  difference,  then,  between  parts  of our  experience  which  are  represented
in   Deep  Structure  as  verbs  and  those  which  are  represented  as  nouns  is
essentially  the  amount  of  difference  or  change  we  experience   in  what  is
represented:  chairs  change  slowly  and  undramatically, while meetings change
more quickly  and  dramatically.
5.  We  will  return  to  consider  this  subject  systematically  in  Chapter  6
under   the  title   of  Reference  Structures  —  the  sum  total  of  the  client's
experience  —   the   source  from  which  the  full   linguistic  representation  is
derived.
6.  The   limiting   case   is   the   physical   therapies   (e.g.,   Rolfing,   Bio-
energetics,  Shiatsu,...)  which  emphasize  working  on  the  physical  represen-
tational  system  —  that  is,  human  beings  represent  their  experiences  in  their
body  posture,  movements,  typical  muscle  contractions, tonus....  We return
to  this  topic  in  Chapter  6.  Even  in  this  limiting  case,  the  therapist  and  the
client,  typically,  talk  to  one another.
7.   This  is  the  focus of Chapter  6  and  of Structure  of Magic  II.
8.   In  fact,  from  the  discussion  of the types of deletion  transformations
in  Chapter  2,  it  follows  that  every  case  of  Free  Deletion  is  the  deletion  of a
Deep  Structure  noun argument which  had  no referential  index.

56  /  The  Structure  of Magic
9.  The  intentional-extensional  distinction  is  borrowed  from  logic.  An
extensional  definition  of a set is one which  specifies  what the  members of the
set  are  by  simply  listing  (i.e.,  enumerating)  them; an  intentional  definition of
a set is one which  specifies  what the  members of the  set  are  by giving a  rule  or
procedure  which  sorts  the  world  into  members  and  non-members  of  the  set.
For  example,  the  set  of  all  humans  over  six feet  in  height who  live  in  Ozona,
Texas,  can  be  given  extentially  by  a  list  of the  people  who,  in  fact,  live  in
Ozona,  Texas,  and  are  taller  than  six  feet,  or  intentionally  by  a  procedure,
say, for example:
(a)   Go  to  the official  directory  of residents  of Ozona,  Texas.
(b)   Find  each  person  on  the  list  and  determine  whether  he  is taller
than two yardsticks  placed end  to end.
Korzybski  (1933,  Chap.  1)  has  an  interesting  discussion  of  this  distinction.
Notice  that,  in  general,  lists  or  a  set  specified  extentionally  have  referential
indices while  sets intentionally  given  have  no referential  index.
10.  We  say necessarily as models are, by definition, reduced with  respect
to  what  they  represent.  This  reduction  is  at  the  same  time  their  value  and
their danger, as we  discussed  in Chapter  1.
11.   In  listening  to  and  evaluating  the  Surface  Structure  answers  that
clients  present  to  these  questions,  all  the  Meta-model  techniques  apply.  In
addition,  we  have  found  it effective to  demand  that  the clients  give how  (i.e.,
process)   answers   rather   than   why   (i.e.,   justification)   answers   to   these
questions.

Chapter  4
INCANTATIONS   FOR  GROWTH
AND   POTENTIAL
In  the  last  chapter,  we  presented  the  Meta-model for therapy.
This  Meta-model  is  based  on the intuitions which  you  already  have
available  to  you  as  native  speakers  of  your  language.  The  termi-
nology,  however,  that  we  have  adapted  from  linguistics  may  be
new  to  you.  This  chapter  is  designed  to  present  material  which
allows  you  to  familiarize  yourself  with  how  to apply, specifically,
the  Meta-model.  We  recognize  that,  just  as  with  any  new  set  of
tools,  making  ourselves  competent  with  it  requires  some  initially
focused attention. This chapter provides  each  therapist who  wishes
to  incorporate  this  Meta-model  into  his  techniques  and  way  of
proceeding  in  the  therapeutic  encounter  an  opportunity  to  work
with  the principles and  materials of the  Meta-model.  By doing this,
you  will   be  able  to  sensitize  yourself,  to  be  able  to   hear  the
structure   of  the  verbal  communications  in  the  therapeutic  en-
counter, and, thereby, to sharpen  your intuitions.
The  various  specific  linguistic  phenomena  which  we  will  pre-
sent  that  you  will  come  to  recognize  and  act  upon  are  the specific
ways  the  three   universals   of   human   modeling   are   realized   in
human  language  systems.  As  we  introduce  each  specific  linguistic
phenomenon,  we  will identify which of these  processes — General-
ization,  Deletion,  or  Distortion  — is involved. The point is for you
to  come  to  recognize  and  obtain  from  the  client  communication
which   consists  wholly   of  sentences  which   are  well  formed   in
therapy.  You,  as  a  native  speaker,  are  able  to  determine  which
sentences  are  well  formed  in  English;  the following  examples  are
designed  to  sharpen  your  ability  to  detect  what  is  well  formed  in

58 / Incantations for Growth and Potential
therapy  —  a  subset  of  sentences that  are  well  formed  in  English.
We  will  present  the  material  in  two  steps:  recognition  of what  is
well  formed  in  therapy  and  what  to  do  when  you  have identified
in therapy a sentence which is not well formed.
EXERCISE A
One  of  the  most  useful  skills  that  you  can  exercise  as  a
therapist  is  that  of  distinguishing  what  clients  represent
with  their  Surface  Structures  from  what  you  may  under-
stand  their  surface  to  imply.  The  question  of  therapists
projecting onto  their  clients is not a new one.  Also, even if
a  therapist   may   from   his   experience   understand  more
about  what  a  client  is  saying  than  the  client  himself  may
realize,  the  ability  to  distinguish  is  vital.  If the  client  fails
to  represent  something  the  therapist  understands  to  be
there,  it  is  just  that  piece  of  information  the  client  may
have  left  out  of his representation, or it's just that  piece  of
information   which   may   cue  the  therapist  to  use  some
technique   of  intervention.  In  any  event,  the  ability  to
distinguish  what  is  represented  from  what  you,  yourself,
supply is vital.
The  difference  between  what  you,  as  a  therapist,  may
understand   the  client's  Surface  Structure  to  imply  and
what   that   Surface   Structure   literally   represents   comes
from  you.  Those  elements  that  you,  yourself,  supply  may
or  may  not  fit  the  client's  model.  There  are  a  number  of
ways  to  determine  whether  what  you  supply  is  fitting  for
the  client.  Your  skill  as  a  therapist  will  increase  as  your
skill  in  making  this  distinction  increases.  What  we  would
like  you  to  do  next  is to read the following sentence, then
close  your   eyes   and   form   a  visual  image  of  what  the
sentence represents.
The client: Vm afraid!
Now  examine  your  image.   It  will   include  some  visual
representation  of the client and  some representation  of the
client's  being  afraid.  Any  detail  beyond  these  two  images
was  supplied  by  you.  For  instance,  if  you  supplied  any
representation  of  what the  client  fears,  it  came  from  you
and  may  or  may  not  be  accurate.  Try  this  once  and  read
this  second  Surface  Structure;  close  your  eyes and make a
visual image.
The client:  Mary hurt me.

Incantations for Growth and Potential / 59
Now   examine  your  image.   It  will  include  some  visual
representation   of  some   person  (Mary)  and  some  visual
representation  of the  client.  Now  look  closely at how you
represented  the  process  of  hurting.  The  verb  hurting  is  a
very  vague  and  unspecific  word.  If  you  represented  the
process  of  hurting,  study  your  image  carefully.  Perhaps
you  had  an  image  of Mary  physically  striking the client,  or
perhaps  an  image  of  Mary  saying  something  mean  to  the
client.   You   may   have  had   an   image   of  Mary  walking
through  the  room  that  the  client  was  sitting  in  without
speaking  to  the  client.  All  of these are possible representa-
tions of the client's  Surface Structure.  In each of them you
have  added  something  to  the  representation  of the verb to
form  an  image  for yourself.  You have ways of determining
which,  if any, of these representations fits the client — you
may  ask  the  client  to  more  fully  specify the verb hurt,  ask
the  client  to  enact  a  specific  situation  in  which  Mary hurt
him,  etc.  The  important piece is your ability to  distinguish
between  what  you  supply  and  what  the  client  is  repre-
senting with his  Surface Structure.
DELETION
The  purpose  of  recognizing  deletions  is  to  assist  the  client  in
restoring  a  fuller  representation  of  his  experiences.  Deletion  is a
process  which   removes  portions  of  the  original  experience  (the
world)  or  full  linguistic  representation  (Deep  Structure).  The  lin-
guistic  process  of  deletion  is  a  transformational  process  —  the
result  of  deletion  transformations  —  and  a  special   case  of  the
general  modeling  phenomenon  of  Deletion  wherein  the  model  we
create  is  reduced  with  respect  to  the  thing  being  modeled.  Deep
Structure  is  the  full  linguistic  representation.  The  representation
of  this  representation  is  the  Surface  Structure  —  the  actual  sen-
tence  that  the  client  says  to communicate  his full  linguistic  model
or  Deep  Structure.  As  native  speakers  of  English,  therapists  have
intuitions  which  allow  them  to  determine  whether  the  Surface
Structure   represents  the  full   Deep  Structure  or  not.  Thus,  by
comparing  the  Surface  Structure  and  the   Deep  Structure,  the
therapist can determine what is missing.  Example:
(1)  I'm confused.
The  basic  process  word  is the verb confuse.  The verb confuse  has
the  potential  of  occurring  in  sentences  with  two  arguments  or
noun phrases — in sentences such as:

60 / Incantations for Growth and Potential
(2)  I'm  confused by people.
Since  the  verb  confuse  occurs  in  sentence  (2)  with  two  argument
nouns  (/  and  people),  the  therapist  can   conclude  that  Surface
Structure  (1)  is  not  a  full  representation  of  the  Deep  Structure
from  which  it  was derived.  In a step-by-step format, the procedure
can be outlined as follows:
Step  1:  Listen  to  the  Surface Structure  the client  presents;
Step 2:  Identify  the verbs in  that Surface Structure;
Step  3:  Determine  whether  the  verbs  can  occur  in  a  sen-
tence  which  is fuller  —  that  is,  has  more  arguments or
noun  phrases in  it than  the original.
If  the  second  sentence  has  more  argument  nouns than  the original
Surface  Structure   presented   by  the  client,  the  original  Surface
Structure  is  incomplete  —  a  portion  of  the  Deep  Structure  has
been  deleted.  The  first  step  in  learning to  recognize deletions is to
identify  sentences  in  which  deletions  have  occurred.  Thus,  for
example,  sentence  (3)  is  an  essentially  complete representation  of
its  Deep Structure:
(3)  George broke the chair.
On  the other hand, sentence  (4)  is an  incomplete  representation  of
its  Deep Structure:
(4)  The chair was broken.
The  following  set  of  sentences  contains  some  Surface  Struc-
tures  which  are  complete  —  no  deletions  —  and  some  which  are
incomplete  —  deletions  have  occurred.  Your  task  is  to  identify
which  of  the  following  set  of Surface  Structures  are  complete  and
which   contain   deletions.   Remember   that  you   decide  whether
deletions  have occurred — some of the  sentences  may  be ill formed
in  therapy  for  reasons  other  than  deletion.  Additional  exercises
will  give  you  practice  in  correcting  the  other  things  about  these
sentences which  make them  ill  formed  in therapy.
(5)  I feel happy.                                       incomplete
(6)  I'm  interested in  continuing  this.          complete
(7)  My father was angry.                          incomplete
(8)  This exercise is boring.                       incomplete
(9)  I'm irritated about that.                     complete
The  set  of  sentences  below  consists  wholly  of  Surface  Struc-
tures  which  are  incomplete.  For each  one, you  are to find  another
sentence  which  has  the  same  process  word  or  verb  and  which  is
fuller —  that is,  has more noun  phrases or arguments.  Next to each
of  the  incomplete  sentences,  we  have  provided  an  example  of  a
fuller  version  using  the  same  verb.  We  suggest  that  you  cover  the
fuller version, which  we  have provided, with  paper and write out a
fuller  version  of your  own  before  looking  at  the  one  we  present.

Incantations for Growth and Potential j 61
For example, with  the Surface Structure:
(10)  I'm scared.
one fuller version  would  be:
(11) I'm scared of people.
or another would  be the Surface Structure:
(12) I'm scared of spiders.
The  point,  of  course,  is not to try  to  guess which fuller version  we
would  happen  to  present,  but  to  provide yourself with  the  experi-
ence  of finding fuller  versions of  incomplete  Surface  Structures.
(13)  I have a problem.          I  have a problem with  people.
(14)   You're excited.        You're excited  about  being here.
(15)   I'm sad.                              I'm  sad  about  my  mother.
(16)   I'm  fed up.                                  I'm  fed  up with  you.
(17)   You're disturbing.                     You're disturbing  me.
The  next  group  of  sentences  consists  of  Surface  Structures which
have  more  than one verb  and  may  have zero, one or two deletions.
Your  task  is  to  determine  whether  deletions  have  occurred  and,  if
so,  how  many.  Remember  to  check  each  verb  separately  as  each
may  be  independently  associated with  deletions.
For example,  the Surface Structure
(18)   / don't know what to say.
has one deletion  associated with  the verb say  (say to whom).
The  Surface Structure
(19)   / said that  I would try.
has  two  deletions,   one  associated  with  the  verb  said  (said  to
whom)  and  one with  the verb try  (try  what).
(20)  /  talked  to  a  man  who  was             2 deletions:  1
bored.                                                   with  talked,  1
with bored.
(21)  I hoped to see my parents.                        no deletion
(22)  I want to hear.                                  1  deletion:  with
hear.
(23)  My  husband  claimed  he  was             2 deletions:  1
frightened.                                          with claimed,  1
with frightened.
(24)  /   laughed   and   then   I   left           1  deletion:  with
home.                                                            laughed.
In  each  of  the  following  Surface  Structures,  there  is  at  least

62 / Incantations for Growth and Potential
one deletion.  Find a fuller version for each  Surface Structure.
(25)  You  always  talk  as  though
you 're mad.
(26)  My  brother  swears  that  my
parents can't cope.
(27)   Everybody   knows   that  you
can't win.
(28)  Communicating   is   hard   for
me.
(29)  Running  away  doesn't  help.
You  always talk
to me as though
you're  mad at
someone.
My  brother
swears to me that
my  parents can't
cope  with him.
Everybody  knows
that you  can't
win  what you
need.
My communi-
cating to you my
hopes about
changing myself
is hard for me.
My running  away
from my home
doesn't help me.
One  of  the  ways  in  which  Deep  Structure  process  words  may
occur  in  Surface  Structure  is  in  the  form  of  an  adjective  which
modifies a noun.  In order for this to  happen, deletions must occur.
For example, the Surface Structure
(30)  / don't like unclear people.
contains  the  adjective unclear.  Another Surface Structure which  is
closely  associated with  this last sentence is
1
(31)  / don't like people who are unclear.
In  both  of  these  Surface  Structures,  there  have  been  deletions
associated  with  the  word  unclear  [unclear  to  whom  about what).
Thus, one fuller version is:
(32)  / don't like people who are unclear to me about what
thpy want.
In  the  next  group  of Surface  Structures,  identify  the deletions
and  present a fuller version of each  of the  sentences.

Incantations for Growth and Potential / 63
(33)   /   laughed   at   the   irritating
man.
(34)   You   always   present   stupid
examples.
(35)  Self-righteous people burn me
up.
(36)  The  unhappy  letter surprised
me.
(37)   The   overwhelming   price   of
food disturbs me.
I  laughed  at the
man  who irritated
me.
You  always
present examples
to me which  are
stupid to me.
People who are
self-righteous
about drugs burn
me up.
The  letter which
made me
unhappy
surprised me.
The  price  of food
which
overwhelms me
disturbs me.
The  point  of  practicing  recognition  of  deletions  in  Surface
Structures  is  to  make  you  conscious  of  and  to  sharpen  the  intui-
tions that you  already  have  as a  native speaker. The point is to  be
aware that deletions  have occurred. The next section  is designed  to
allow  you  to  practice  assisting  the  client  in  recovering the  deleted
material.
WHAT TO  DO
Once  the  therapist  has  recognized  that  the  Surface  Structure
the client  has  presented  is  incomplete,  the next task  is to help the
client  recover  the  deleted  material.  The  most  direct  approach  we
are  aware  of is to  ask specifically for what  is  missing.  For example,
the client says:
(38)  I'm upset.
The  therapist  recognizes  that  the  Surface  Structure  is  an  incom-
plete  representa'tion  of  the  Deep  Structure  from  which  it  came.
Specifically,  it  is  a  reduced  version  of a  Deep Structure which  has
a fuller Surface Structure  representation  of the form:

64 / Incantations for Growth and Potential
(39)  I'm upset about someone/something.
Thus, to recover the  missing material, the therapist asks:
(40)  Whom/what are you upset about?
or  more simply
(41)  about whom/what?
In  the  following  group  of  Surface  Structures,  your  task  is  to
formulate  the  question  or  questions  which  most  directly  ask  for
the  deleted  material.   We've  provided   examples  of  the  kinds  of
questions  which  will  elicit  the  deleted  material.  Again, we  suggest
that  you  cover  the  questions  which  we  have  provided  and  work
out  your  own  appropriate  questions  for  each  of  the  incomplete
Surface Structures.
(42)  I feel happy.
(43)  My father was angry.
(44)  This exercise is boring.
(45)  I'm scared.
-(46)  / have a problem.
(47)   / don't know what  to  do.
(48)   / said that  I  would try.
(49)  /  talked  to  a  man  who  was
bored.
(50)  / want to hear.
(51)  My  husband  claimed  he  was
frightened.
happy  about
whom/what?
angry  at
whom/what?
boring to  whom?
scared  of
whom/what?
a problem with
whom/what?
to do  about
whom/what?
said  to  whom?
try  what?
talked  about
what?  bored with
whom/what?
want  to  hear
whom/what?
claimed  to
whom?
frightened  about
whom/what?

Incantations for Growth and Potential / 65
(52)   You  always  talk  as  though
you're mad.
(53)  My  brother  swears  that,  my
parents can't cope.
(54)  Communicating   is   hard   for
me.
(55)  Running  away  doesn't  help.
(56)   / don't like unclear people.
(57)  /   laughed   at   the   irritating
man.
(58)   You   always   present   stupid
examples.
(59)  Self-righteous people burn me
up.
(60)  The  unhappy  letter surprised
me.
(61)   The   overwhelming   price   of
food disturbs me.
talk  to  whom?
mad at
whom/what?
swears to  whom?
can't  cope with
whom/what?
whose
communicating?
communicating
about  what?  to
whom?
whose running
away? running
away from
whom/what?
unclear about
what?  unclear  to
whom?
the man who was
irritating to
whom?
present examples
to  whom?
examples who
thinks are stupid?
self-righteous
about  what?
whom did  the
letter  make
unhappy?
who was
overwhelmed?

66  /  Incantations  for  Growth  and  Potential
SOME SPECIAL CASES OF DELETION
We  have  identified  three  special  classes of Deletions. These are
special  in  the  sense that we encounter them frequently  in therapy,
and  the  Surface  Structure  forms  that  they  have  can  be  identified
directly.
Class  I:  Real  Compared to  What?
The  first  special  class  of  deletions  which  we  wish  to  identify
involves  comparatives  and  superlatives.  Specifically, the portion  of
the  Deep  Structure deleted  is one of the terms of a comparative or
superlative  construction.  Comparatives  and  superlatives  have  two
forms in  English.
(A) Adjective, plus the ending er
as in: faster
better
smarter
and Adjective plus the ending est
as in: fastest
best
smartest
or
(B) more/less plus Adjective
as in: more interesting
more  important
less intelligent
and most/least plus Adjective
as in: most interesting
most  important
least intelligent
Comparatives,  as  the  name  suggests,  involve a  comparison  of
(minimally)    two   distinct   things.    For   example,   the   Surface
Structure:
(62)  She is better for me than my mother.
includes  both  of  the  things  compared  {she  and  my mother).  The
class  of  Surface  Structure  which  we  characterize  as  involving  the
deletion  of  one  term  of the comparative construction  includes, for
example:
(63)  She is better for me.
where  one  term  of  the  comparison  has  been  deleted. This kind  of
deletion  is also present in Surface Structures such  as:
(64)  She is a better woman for me.
where  the  comparative  adjective  appears  in  front  of  the  noun  to
which  it applies.

Incantations for Growth and Potential / 67
The   comparatives   formed   with   more   appear   in   the  two
examples:
(65)  She is more interesting to me.
(66)  She is a more interesting woman to me.
Again,  one  of  the  terms  of  the  comparative  has  been  deleted.  In
the  case  of  superlatives,  one  member  of  some  set  is  selected  and
identified  as  most  characteristic  or  having  the  highest value  in  the
set.  For example, in  the Surface Structure:
(67)  She is the best.
(68)  She is the most interesting.
the set from which she  has been selected  is not mentioned.
The  following  set  of  Surface  Structures  is  composed  of  ex-
amples  of  deletion  of one term  of a comparative  or  the  deletion  of
the  reference  set  or a superlative.  These  examples are  presented  to
allow  you  to  develop  your  ability  to  identify  deletions  of  this
class.
(69)  She is most difficult.
(70)  He chose the best.
(71)   That is the least difficult.
(72) She always leaves the harder job for me.
(73) / resen t happier people.
(74) More aggressive men get what they want.
(75)  The best answer is always more difficult to find.
(76) I've never seen a funnier man.
In  coping  with  this  class  of  deletions,  the  therapist will  be  able to
recover the deleted  material  using two simple questions:
For  comparatives:
The  comparative  adjective,  plus  compared  to  what?  e.g.,
more  aggressive  compared  to  what? or, funnier than  what?
For superlatives:
The  superlative,  plus  with  respect  to  what?  e.g.,  the  best
answer  with   respect   to   what?   the   most  difficult  with
respect to  what?
In a step-by-step format, the procedure is:
Step  1:  Listen  to  the client, examining the client's Surface
Structure  for  the grammatical  markers of the  compara-
tive  and  superlative  construction;  i.e.,  Adjective  plus
er,  more/less  plus Adjective, Adjective  plus est, most/
least plus Adjective.
Step   2:   In   the   case  of  comparatives  occurring   in  the
client's  Surface  Structuring,  determine  whether  both
terms  that  are  being  compared  are  present;  in  the  case
of  superlatives,  determine  whether  the  reference  set  is
present.

68 / Incantations for Growth and Potential
Step  3:   For   each   deleted  portion,  recover  the  missing
material  by  using the questions suggested  above.
Class  II:  Clearly  and  Obviously
The  second  class  of  special  deletions  can  be  identified  by  ly
adverbs occurring in  the Surface Structures the client presents.  For
example, the client says:
(77) Obviously, my parents dislike me.
or
(78)  My parents obviously dislike me.
Notice  that  these  Surface  Structures  can  be  paraphrased  by  the
sentence
(79)  It is obvious that my parents dislike me.
Once  this form  is  available,  the  therapist  can  more  easily  identify
what  portion  of the  Deep Structure  has  been  deleted. Specifically,
in the example, the therapist  asks
(80)  To whom is it obvious?
Surface  Structure  adverbs  which  end  in  ly  are often  the  result
of  deletions  of  the arguments of a  Deep  Structure  process word  or
verb.  The  paraphrase  test  can  be  used  by  the  therapist to  develop
his  intuitions  in  recognizing  these  adverbs.  The  test  we  offer  is
that,  when  you  encounter  an  adverb  ending  with  ly,  attempt  to
paraphrase the  sentence  in  which  it  appears by:
(a)  Deleting  the  ly  from  the  Surface  Structure  adverb  and
placing it  in  the front of the  new  Surface Structure you  are
creating.
(b)  Add  the  phrase it is  in front of the former  adverb.
(c)  Ask  yourself  whether  this  new  Surface  Structure  means
the  same thing as the client's original Surface Structure.
If the  new  sentence  is  synonymous  with  the client's original, then
the  adverb  is  derived from  a  Deep  Structure  verb  and  deletion  is
involved.   Now,   by  applying  the   principles   used   in  recovering
missing   material   to  this  new  Surface  Structure,  the  full   Deep
Structure representation  can  be recovered.
In  the  following  set  of Surface  Structures,  determine which  of
them  includes  an  adverb  which  has  been  derived  from  the  Deep
Structure verb.
(81)   Unfortunately,   you  for-       =          It  is  unfortunate
got   to  call  me  on  my                    that you forgot
birthday.                                           to  call  me  on  my
birthday.

Incantations for Growth and Potential / 69
(82)   /      quickly      left      the       =#         It is quick that I
argument.                                        left the  argument.
(83)  Surprisingly,   my   father       =       It  is surprising for
lied  about  his  drinking.                     my father to  lie
about  his
drinking.
(84)  She   slowly   started   to       ^       It  is  slow  that  she
cry.                                                        started  to cry.
(85)   They   painfully   avoided       =          It is  painful  that
my questions.                                    they  avoided  my
questions.
Once  the  therapist  has  identified  the  adverbs  that  have  been
derived  from   Deep  Structure  verbs  by  paraphrasing  the  client's
original  Surface  Structure,  he  may  apply  the  methods for  recov-
ering  deleted  material  to  the  Surface  Structure  paraphrase.  In  a
step-by-step  procedure,  therapists  can  handle  this  particular  class
of deletion  by:
Step   1:   Listen  to  the  client's  Surface  Structure  for  ly
adverbs.
Step 2:  Apply the  paraphrase  test to  each  ly adverb.
Step  3:   If  the  paraphrase  test  works,  examine  the  new
Surface Structure.
Step  4:   Apply   the  normal   methods  for  recovering  the
deleted material.
Class III:  Modal Operators
The  third  class  of  special  deletions  is particularly  important in
recovering  material  which   has  been  deleted  in  going  from  the
client's  experience  to  his  full  linguistic  representation  —  Deep
Structure.  These  Surface Structures often  involve  rules or generali-
zations  that  the  clients   have   developed   in   their  models.   For
example, the client says:
(86)  / have to take other people's feelings into account.
or
(87)  One  must  take  other people's feelings into account.
or
(88)  It  is  necessary  to  take  other people's  feelings  into
account.
You  will  be able to identify a number of deletions  in  each  of these
Surface  Structures  on  the  basis  of  the  principles  and  exercises we

70 / Incantations for Growth and Potential
have   already   presented   (e.g.,  feelings  about  whom/what?).  The
deletion  we  want  to  draw  your  attention  to  here,  however,  is  a
larger  scale  deletion.  These  Surface  Structures  make the claim  that
something   must   occur   —   they   immediately   suggest  to   us  the
question,  "Or  what?"   In  other  words,  for  us,  as  therapists,  to
come  to  understand  the  client's  model  clearly,  we  must  know the
consequences   to   the   client   of   failing   to   do   what   the   client's
Surface   Structure   claims   is   necessary.   We   understand   Surface
Structures of this  class  to  be  of the  logical  form:
It is necessary  that  S?  or S?
where  S^  is  what  the  client's Surface Structure claims  is  necessary
and  S2  is  what  will  happen  if  S^  isn't  done — the consequence  or
outcome  of  failing  to  do  S1  —  then  S1  and  S2  are  the  deleted
material.  Thus,  the therapist  may  ask:
(89)   Or  what  will happen ?
or,  in  a  more expanded form
(90)    What  would  happen  if you  failed  to                ?
where  you  substitute  the  appropriate  part  of  the  client's  original
Surface  Structure  in  the                  Specifically,  using  the  above  as
an example, the client  says
(91)    One   must   take   other  people's  feelings  into  account.
The  therapist  may  respond,
(92)    Or  what  will  happen?
or,  more fully,
2
(93)    What    would   happen    if  you    failed   to    take   other
people's  feelings  into  account?
These  Surface  Structures  can  be  identified  by  the  presence  of
what  logicians  call   modal  operators  of  necessity.  These  have  the
Surface  forms  in  English  of:
have  to          as  in      I/You have  to  .  .  .
one has  to  ..  .
necessary       as  in       It is  necessary...
Necessarily,    ...
should    as    in    One    I    you/I    should...
must                 as  in        I'/you/one  must...
The  therapist  may  use  these  as  cue  words  to  recognize  this special
class  of  Surface  Structures.  In  the  following  set,  form  a  question
which  asks  for  the  consequence  or  outcome  of  failing  to  do  what
the  Surface  Structure  claims is  necessary.  We  use the two question
forms  we   suggested   above  in   the  following  exercise.  Note  that
these  are  not  the  only  two  possible  question  forms  but,  in  fact,
any  question  which  recovers the  deleted  material  is appropriate.

Incantations  for  Growth  and  Potential  /  71
(94) It is necessary to behave prop-                  What would
erly in public.                                         happen  if you
failed  to  behave
properly  in
public?
(95)  One  should always  take  peo-                 What  would
pie seriously.                                          happen  if you
failed  to take
people seriously?
(96)   /  must  not  get  involved  too                  What  would
deeply.                                             happen  if you  got
involved  too
deeply?
(97)  People  have  to learn  to avoid                 What  would
conflict.                                                  happen  if you
failed  to  learn  to
avoid conflict?
There  is  a  second  set  of  important  cue  words,  what  logicians
have  identified  as  modal  operators  of  possibility.  Again,  these
operators   typically   identify   rules   or  generalizations  from   the
client's model.  For example, the client says:
3
(  98)  It's not possible  to love more  than one person  at a
time.
or,
(  99)  No one can love more than one person at a time.
or,
(100)  One can't love more than one person at a time.
or,
(101)  One may not love more  than one person at a time.
or,
(102)  No  one  is  able  to  love  more  than one person at a
time.
Again,  based  on  your  experience  in  identifying deletions, you  can
find  in  these Surface Structures deletions from  the  Deep Structure
representation.  However,  we  want  to  identify  in  these  examples a
deletion  which  occurs  going  from  the  client's  experience  to  the
Deep  Structure  representation.  Specifically,  on  hearing  Surface
Structures  of  this  class,  we  want  to  ask  what  it  is  that  makes
whatever the client's Surface Structure  claims is impossible,  impos-
sible.  In  other  words,  we  understand  these  Surface  Structures  to

72 / Incantations for Growth and Potential
be of the general  logical form:
Si prevents S? from being possible
where S2  is what the client's Surface Structure claims is impossible
and Si  is the  missing material. Thus, the therapist  may ask,
(103)  What makes      impossible      ?
or,
(104) What pre vents you from             ?
or.
(105)   What blocks you from.
or,
(106)  What stops you from             ?
where  the                contains  what  the  client's  Surface  Structure
claims is impossible.
Specifically,  using  the  above  example,  the  therapist  may  ask,
(107)  What  makes  your  loving  more  than  one  person
impossible?
or,
(108)  What prevents you  from loving more  than  one per-
son at a time?
or,
(109)  What blocks you  from  loving more than one person
at a time?
or,
(110)   What  stops you  from loving more  than  one person
at a time?
Surface  Structures  of this  class  can  be  easily  identifed  by  the
following cue words and  phrases:
not possible     as in     it's not possible
can                  as in     no one can
nobody can
may                 as in     no one may
nobody may
can't                 as  in     l/you/one/peopfe can't
able                as in     no one is able
nobody is able
impossible       as in     it's impossible
unable             as in     l/you/one/people are unable

Incantations for Growth and Potential j 73
These  cue  words  occurring  in  the  client's  Surface Structures iden-
tify  rules  or  generalizations  which  correspond  to  limits  in  the
client's  model  of  the  world.  Such  limits  are  often  associated  with
the   client's  experience   of  limited  choice  or  an  unsatisfactory,
limited  set  of  options.  In  the  following  set  of  Surface  Structures,
form  a  question  for  each  which  (when  answered)  would  recover
the deleted material.
(111)  It's  impossible  to  find some-
one who's really sensitive.
(112)  /  can't  understand  my  wife.
(113)  /   am   unable   to   express
myself.
(114)  No one is able to understand
me.
What  prevents
you from finding
someone  who's
really  sensitive?
What prevents
you from
understanding
your  wife?
What  prevents
you  from
expressing
yourself?
What  prevents
them from
understanding
you?
The  value  of  identifying  and  recovering deletions of this  scope
can  hardly  be  overestimated,  as  they  directly  involve  portions  of
the  client's   model   wherein   he   experiences  limited   options  or
choices.  In a step-by-step outline:
Step  1:  Listen  to  the  client;  examine  the  client's  Surface
Structure   for   the   presence   of  the   cue   words  and
phrases identified  in this section.
Step  2:  (a)  If modal  operators of necessity  are  present,  use
a  question  form  asking for  the deleted  consequence or
outcome   of  failing  to  do  what  the  client's  Surface
Structure   claims  is  necessary,  and   (b)   if  the  modal
operators  of  possibility   are  present,   use  a  question
form   asking  for   the   deleted   material   which   makes
impossible  what  the client's Surface Structure claims  is
impossible.

74 / Incantations for Growth and Potential
DISTORTION  -  NOMINALIZATIONS
The  linguistic  process of nominalization  is one  way  the general
modeling  process  of Distortion  occurs  in  natural  language  systems.
The  purpose  of  recognizing  nominalizations  is  to  assist  the  client
in  re-connecting  his  linguistic  model  with  the  ongoing  dynamic
processes  of  life.  Specifically,  reversing  nominalizations  assists  the
client  in  coming  to  see  that  what  he  had  considered  an  event,
finished  and  beyond  his control,  is  an  ongoing  process  which  can
be  changed.  The  linguistic  process  of  nominalization  is a complex
transformational  process  whereby  a  process  word  or  verb  in  the
Deep  Structure  appears  as  an  event word,  or  noun, in the Surface
Structure.  The  first  step  in  reversing  nominalizations  is  to  recog-
nize  them.  Therapists,  as  native  speakers,  may  use their intuitions
to  identify  which  elements  of  the  Surface  Structure  are,  in  fact,
nominalizations.  For example,  in the Surface Structure,
(115)  / regret my decision to return home.
the  event  word  or  noun decision  is a  nominalization.  This  means
that  in  the  Deep Structure representation  there appeared a process
word or verb, in this case the verb decide.
(116)  / regret that I'm deciding to return home.
True  nouns  will  not  fit  into  the  blank  in  the  phrase  an  ongoing
,  in  a  well-formed  way.  For example, the true  nouns chair,
kite,  lamp,  fern,  etc.,  do  not  fit  in  a  well-formed  way  —  *an
ongoing  chair,  *an  ongoing  kite,  etc.  However,  nouns  such  as
decision, marriage,  failure,  derived from  Deep Structure verbs, do
fit — an ongoing decision, an ongoing marriage,  etc. Thus, thera-
pists  may  train  their  intuitions  using  this simple test.  In a step-by-
step format, the therapist  may  recognize  nominalizations by:
Step  1:  Listen  to  the  Surface  Structure  presented  by  the
client.
Step  2:  For  each  of  the  elements  of the  Surface  Structure
which   is  not  a   process  word  or  verb,  ask  yourself
whether  it  describes  some  event  which  is  actually  a
process  in  the  world,  or  ask  yourself  whether  there  is
some  verb  which  sounds/looks  like  it  and  is close  to  it
in meaning.
Step  3:  Test  to  see  whether  the  event  word  fits  into  the
blank in the syntactic frame, an ongoing
For   each   non-verb   occurring   in   the  client's  Surface  Structure
which  either  describes  an  event  which  you  can  associate  with  a
process  or  for  which   you   can  find   a  verb   which  is  close  in
sound/appearance  and  meaning,  a  nominalization  has  occurred.
For example, there are several  nominalizations in the sentence:

Incantations for Growth and Potential / 75
(117)  Their  failure  to  see  their own  children received no
recognition.
Both  event  words  failure  and  recognition  are  derived  from  Deep
Structure  verbs (an ongoing failure,  an ongoing recognition).  The
Surface Structure
(118)  / dashed in  front of the car.
on the other hand, contains no nominalizations.
In  the  following  set  of  Surface  Structures,  you  are  simply  to
decide  which sentences contain nominalizations. Again, we  suggest
you  judge  each  Surface  Structure  for  yourself  before  looking  at
the comments we have provided.
(119)  My divorce is
painful.
(120)   Our terror is
blocking us.
(121)  My wife's
laughter causes
my anger.
(122)   Your refusal to
leave here
forces my
departure.
(123)  Your  percep-
tions are seri-
ously wrong.
(124)   Your projection
causes me
injury.
(125) My con fusion
has a tendency
to give me no
relief.
(126)  I resent your
question.
1  nominalization (divorce)
(terror)
(laughter,
anger)
(refusal,
departure)
(perception)
(projection,
injury)
(confusion,
tendency,
relief)
(question)

76 / Incantations for Growth and Potential
(127)   I'm  afraid of              2  nominalization  (rage,
both  your  rage                                         help)
and your  help.
(128)  His intuitions              1                            (intuitions)
are remarkable.
In  the  next  set  of  Surface Structures,  reverse  each  nominaliza-
tion   by   creating  a   closely   associated   Surface  Structure  which
translates  the  nominalization  back  into  an  ongoing  process.  For
example, from  the sentence
(129)    / am surprised at her            I am surprised that she
resistance to me.                   is resisting me.
The  point  here  is  not  whether  you  can  create  a  new  sentence
which   matches  the  one  we  suggest,  but  that  you  sharpen  your
ability  to  translate  a  nominalized  process  back  into  an  ongoing
process.  The  sentences  we  offer  are  only  examples.  Remember
that  neither  the  original  Surface  Structure  nor  the  ones  corrected
for  nominalization  will  be  well  formed  in  therapy  until  they  meet
all  the  other  well-formedness conditions.
My divorce is painful.                                       My wife  and  I
divorcing is
painful.
Our  terror is  blocking  us.                                       Our  being
terrified  is
blocking us.
My  wife's laughter causes my anger.                      My wife's
laughing causes
me to feel  angry.
Your  refusal  to  leave  here  forces           Your  refusing to
my  departure.                                              leave  here  forces
me to depart.
Your    perceptions    are    seriously                The  way you
wrong.                                                        are/What you  are
perceiving is
seriously  wrong.

Incantations for Growth and Potential / 77
Your  projection  causes  me  injury.
My  confusion  has  a  tendency  to
give me no relief.
I resent your question.
I'm  afraid  of  both  your  rage  and
your  help.
His intuitions are remarkable.
The  way that you
are/What you  are
projecting  injures
me.
My  being
confused  tends to
stop me from
feeling  relieved.
I  resent  what you
are asking/the
way you  are
asking me.
I'm  afraid  of both
the  way you  rage
at  me and the
way you  help  me.
The way  he
intuites
things/What he
intuites is
remarkable.
We  are  aware  that  we  have  a  number  of  choices  when  we
encounter  nominalizations.  We  may  choose  to  question  the nomi-
nalization directly.  For example, given  the  Surface Structure:
(130)  The decision to return home bothers me.
we  may  directly  challenge  the  idea  that  the decision  is  an  irrevo-
cable,  fixed  and  finished  event  from  which  the  client  has  dis-
associated  himself by asking,
(131)  Is  there  any  way  that  you  can  imagine  changing
your decision?
or, again,
(132)   What  is  it  that  prevents  you  from  changing  your
decision?
or, again,
(133)   What  would  happen  if you  reconsidered  and  de-
cided not to return home?
In  each  of  these  cases,  the  therapist's questions require a  response
by  the  client  which  involves  his  taking  some  responsibility for the
process  of deciding.  In  any  event,  the therapist's questioning helps

78  /  Incantations  for  Growth  and  Potential
the  client  to  re-connect  his  linguistic  model  of the world with  the
ongoing  processes which  are  present there.
Nominalizations  are  complex  psychologically  as  well  as  lin-
guistically.  Our  experience  is that they  rarely  occur  by  themselves;
rather,   we  encounter  them   more  frequently  in  a  form  which
involves  violations  of  one  or  more  of  the  other  well-formed-in-
therapy  conditions.  Since  we  have  already  presented  the exercises
on  deletion,  we  will  now  give  you  a  set  of  Surface  Structures
which  contain  both  nominalizations  and  deletions.  We  ask  that
you  identify  both  the  nominalization  and  the  deletion,  and  that
you  formulate  a  question  or  series  of  questions  which  both  trans-
lates  the  nominalization  back  into  a  process form  and  asks for the
material  which  has  been  deleted.  For  example,  given  the  Surface
Structure
The decision to return home bothers me.
one  question  which  both  translates the nominalization  back into a
process  form  and  simultaneously  asks for  the  deleted  material  is:
(134)  Who is deciding to return home?
Again,  we  suggest  that  you  attempt  to  formulate  your  own
question(s)  before  looking  at  the  examples we offer.  The example
questions  we  present  are  dense  —  we  suggest  in  practice  that  a
series of questions be used, asking for a piece at a time.
(135)  My pain is overwhelming.               Your feeling  pain
about
whom/what  is
overwhelming
whom?
(136)  It's  my  fear  that gets  in  my         Your  being  afraid
way.                                                    of whom/what
gets  in  your way
of  what?
(137)  I have hope.                                          What  are you
hoping for?
(138)  My  son's  beliefs  worry  me.         Your son  believes
what that  worries
you?

Incantations for Growth and Potential j 79
(139)   Your  bigoted  suspicion  an-             Bigoted  toward
noys me.                                                 whom/what?
What  is  it that
you  are
suspecting?
EXERCISE B
Since  in  Meta-model training seminars we  have found  nominal-
izations  to  be  the  most difficult  phenomena for  people  to  learn  to
recognize, we  have devised  the following exercise.
Form  a  visual  image  from  the  following  sentences.  In
each   case,   see   if  you  can  imagine  placing  each  of  the
non-process or non-verb words in a wheelbarrow.
/ want to make a  chair.
/ want to make a  decision.
Notice  that  all  the  non-verb  words  in  the  first sentence (I,
chair)  can  be  placed  in your mental  wheelbarrow.  This  is
not  the  case  with  the  second  sentence  (I,  decision).  I can
be  placed  in  a  wheelbarrow  but  a  decision  cannot.  In the
following  sets  of  sentences,  use  this  same  visual  test  to
train  yourself in  recognizing nominalizations.
/ have  a lot  of  frustration.
I have a lot of green marbles.
I expect a letter.
I expect help.
My fear is just too big.
My coat is just too big.
/ lost  my  book.
I lost my  temper.
I need water.
I need love.
Horses frighten me.
Failure frightens me.
The tension bothers me.
The dragon bothers me.

80 / Incantations for Growth and Potential
At  least   one   nominalization   occurs   in  each  of  the
preceding  pairs.   You   may  check  the  accuracy  of  your
visual  test  by  now  applying  the  purely  linguistic  test,  an
ongoing  in  front  of  the  nominalization.  The  same  word
which  fits into the linguistic  frame —an ongoing             —
will not  fit into your mental  wheelbarrow.
GENERALIZATION
How To  Get a  Clear  Image of the Client's  Model
One   of  the   universal   processes  which  occur  when   humans
create  models of their experiences  is that of Generalization.  Gener-
alization  may  impoverish  the  client's  model  by  causing  loss of the
detail  and  richness  of their  original  experiences.  Thus,  generaliza-
tion  prevents  them  from  making  distinctions  which  would  give
them  a fuller set of choices in  coping with  any  particular situation.
At  the  same  time,  the  generalization  expands  the  specific  painful
experience  to  the  level  of  being  persecuted  by  the  universe  (an
insurmountable   obstacle   to  coping).   For  example,  the  specific
painful  experience  "Lois  doesn't  like  me"  generalizes  to  "Women
don't  like  me."  The  purpose  of  challenging  the client's generaliza-
tions is to:
(1)  Re-connect the client's  model  with  his experience.
(2)  Reduce   the   insurmountable   obstacles   which   result
from  generalizations  to  something  definite  with  which
he can  begin to cope.
(3)  Insure  detail  and  richness  are  present  in  the  client's
model,   thus  creating  choices   based   on  distinctions
which  were  not  previously available.
Linguistically,  we  are  aware  of two  important  ways  which  we
use  to  identify  the  generalizations  in  the  client's  model.  At  the
same  time,  these  provide  us  with  a  vehicle  for  challenging  these
generalizations.  These are the  processes of:
(1)  Checking  for  referential  indices  for  nouns  and  event
words;
(2)  Checking  for  fully  specified  verbs  and  process  words.
Referential  Indices
The  ability  of  the  therapist  to  determine  whether  the  Surface
Structures  presented  by  the  client  are  connected  with  the client's
experience  is  essential  for  successful  therapy.  One  explicit  way  of
determining  this  is  for  the  therapist  to  identify  words and  phrases
in  the  client's  Surface  Structure  which  do  not  have  a  referential

Incantations for Growth and Potential j 81
index.  For example,  in  the Surface Structure
(140) People push me around.
the  noun people carries no referential  index and, therefore, fails to
identify  anything  specific  in  the  client's  experience.  On  the other
hand,the  sentence
(141) My father pushes me around.
contains  two  nouns  (my father and me),  both  bearing a referential
index  which  identifies something specific  in  the client's model.
Again, a step-by-step procedure is available.
Step  1:  Listen to the client's Surface Structure,  identifying
each  non-process word.
Step  2:   For  each  of  these,  ask  yourself  whether  it  picks
out a specific  person or thing in the world.
If  the   word   or   phrase   fails   to   pick  out  a  specific   person  or
thing,  then  the  therapist   has  identified  a  generalization  in  the
client's  model.  In  the  following  set  of  Surface  Structures,  decide
for   each   noun  or  phrase  whether  it  does  or  does  not   have  a
referential  index  making it well  formed  in  therapy.
(142)   Nobody  pays  any  attention
to what I say.
(143)  /  always  avoid  situations  I
feel uncomfortable  in.
(144)  /  like  dogs  that  are  friendly.
(145)  /    saw    my    mother-in-law
yesterday.
(146)  One  should  respect  others'
feelings.
(147)  It's  painful  for us  to  see  her
this way, you know.
(148)  Let's not get bogged down in
details.
Nobody and what
have  no
referential  index.
Situations I feel
uncomfortable  in
— no index.
Dogs that are
friendly — no
index.
All  nouns  have
indices.
One and others'
— no indices.
It, us, you and
this way — no
indices.
Us and details —
no indices.

82 / Incantations for Growth and Potential
(149)  There's  a  certain  feeling  in
this room.
(150)  Everybody   feels   that   way
sometimes.
A certain feeling
— no index.
Everybody, that
way, sometimes
— no indices.
Once  the  therapist  has  identified  the  words  and  phrases with-
out  referential  indices,  it  is  quite  easy  to  ask for  these.  Only  two
questions are required:
(151) Who, specifically ?
(152)  What, specifically?
In  requiring  the  client  to  supply  referential  indices  by  answering
these  questions,  the  client  re-connects  the  generalizations  in  his
model  with  his  experiences.  In  the  next  set of Surface Structures,
formulate  the  question  appropriate  for  getting  the  missing  refer-
ential  index.
Nobody pays any attention to  what
I say.
I  always  avoid  situations  I  feel un-
comfortable in.
I like dogs that are friendly.
It's  painful  for  us  to  see  her  this
way, you know.
Everybody  feels  that  way  some-
times.
Who, specifically?
What,
specifically, do
you say?
What situations,
specifically?
What dog,
specifically?
Who, specifically,
is full  of pain?
Who, specifically,
is us? What way,
specifically?  Who,
specifically, is
you?
Who, specifically?
What way,
specifically?  What
time, specifically?
There  is  a  special  case  which  we  like  to  emphasize  of certain
words  which  have  no referential  index. This, specifically, is the set

Incantations for Growth and Potential / 83
of  words  which  contains  universal  quantifiers  such  as  all,  each,
every,  any.  The  universal  quantifier  has  a  different  form  when
combined  with  other  linguistic   elements  such   as  the  negative
element — never,  nowhere,  none, no one, nothing, nobody.  Uni-
versal  quantifiers, and words and  phrases containing them, have no
referential   index.   We   use  a  special  form  of  challenge  for  the
universal  quantifier  and   words  and   phrases  containing  it.  For
example, the Surface Structure  presented  before:
Nobody pays any attention to  what I say.
may be challenged as we suggested  before or with the challenge:
(153)   You  mean  to  tell  me  that  NOBODY  EVER  pays
attention  to  you  AT ALL?
What we are doing here is emphasizing the generalization described
by the client's universal quantifier by  exaggerating it both  by  voice
quality  and  by  inserting  additional   universal  quantifiers  in  the
client's  original  Surface  Structure.  This  challenge  identifies  and
emphasizes  a  generalization  in  the  client's  model.  At  the  same
time,  this form  of challenge  asks clients  if there  are  any  exceptions
to  their  generalizations.  A  single  exception  to  the  generalization
starts  the  client  on  the  process  of  assigning referential  indices and
insures  the  detail  and  richness  in  the  client's  model  necessary  to
have a variety  of options for coping.
C:   Nobody pays any attention to what I say.
T:   Do  you  mean  to  tell  me  that  NOBODY  EVER  pays
attention  to  you  AT ALL?
C:  Well, not exactly.
T:   OK,  then;  who,  specifically,  doesn't pay attention  to
you?
Once  the  therapist  has  identified  a  generalization  it  can  be
challenged  in  several  ways.
(a)  As  mentioned  in  the  section  on  universal  quantifiers,  gen-
eralizations  can  be  challenged  by emphasizing the  universal  nature
of the claim by the Surface Structure by  inserting universal  quanti-
fiers  into  that  Surface Structure.  The therapist  now  asks the client
to  check  the  new  generalization  explicit  in  this  Surface  Structure
against his experience.  For example, the client says:
C:  It's impossible to trust anyone.
T:   It's  always impossible  for anyone to  trust  anyone?
The  purpose  of  the  therapist's challenge to  the generalization  is to
re-connect  the  client's  generalization  with  the  client's  experience.
The  therapist  has  other options  in  the  way  that  he  may challenge
the client's generalizations.
(b)  Since  the  purpose  of  challenging  the  client's  generaliza-
tions  is  to  re-connect  the  client's  representation  with  his  experi-

84 / Incantations for Growth and Potential
ence,   one  very  direct  challenge   is,   literally,  to  ask  the  client
whether  he   has  had  an  experience  which  contradicts  his  own
generalization.  For example, the client says:
C:   It's impossible to trust anyone.
T: Have you ever had the experience of trusting someone?
or
Have you ever trusted anyone?
Notice  that,  linguistically,  the  therapist  is  doing  several  things:
Relativizing   the   generalization   to   the   client's   experience   by
shifting  the  referential  index  from  no  index  (the  missing  indirect
object  of  the  predicate  impossible  [i.e.,  impossible  for  whom?]
and   the   missing  subject  of  the  verb  trust)   to  linguistic  forms
carrying the client's referential  index  (i.e.,yow).
(c)  A  third  way  of  challenging  generalizations  of  this  form  is
to  ask  the  client  whether  he  can  imagine  an  experience  which
would contradict the generalization. The client says:
C:  It's impossible to trust anyone.
T:  Can you imagine any circumstance in which you could
trust someone?
or,
Can you  fantasize  a situation  in  which you could trust
someone?
Once  the  client  has  succeeded  in  imagining  or  fantasizing  a  situa-
tion  which  contradicts  the  generalization,  the  therapist  may  assist
the  client  in  opening  up  this  part  of his  model  by  asking  what the
difference  between  the  client's  experience  and  the client's fantasy
is,  or  what  prevents  the  client  from  achieving  the  fantasy.  Notice
that  one  of  the  most  powerful  techniques  here  is  to  connect  the
client  with  the  immediate  experience  that  he  is having, i.e., relati-
vize  the  generalization  to  the  process  of ongoing therapy directly.
The therapist  may  respond:
Do you  trust me right now in  this situation?
If  the  client  responds  positively,  his  generalization  has  been  con-
tradicted.  If  he  responds  negatively,  all  the  other  techniques  are
available,  e.g.,  asking  what,  specifically,  is  preventing  the  client
from trusting the therapist in this situation.
(d)  In  the  event  the  client  is unable to fantasize an  experience
which  contradicts  his  generalization,  the  therapist  may  choose  to
search  his  own  models  to  find  a  case  in  which  he  has  had  an
experience   which  contradicts  the  client's  generalization.   If  the
therapist  can  find  some  experience  of  his  own  which  is  common
enough  that  the  client  also  may  have  had  it,  he  may  ask  whether
that experience contradicts  the client's generalization.
C:  It's impossible to trust anyone.

Incantations for Growth and Potential / 85
T:   Have you  ever gone  to  the  doctor (or to  the  dentist,
ridden  in  a  bus  or  taxi  or  airplane,  or.  .  .)?  Did you
trust the doctor (or dentist,  or bus driver,  or.  .  .)?
Once  the  client  has admitted  that  he  has  had  an experience which
contradicts  his generalization,  he  has  re-connected  his  representa-
tion  with  his  experience  and  the  therapist  is  able  to  explore  the
differences with  him.
(e)  Another  approach  to challenging the client's generalization
is  for  the  therapist  to  determine  what  makes  the  generalization
possible  or  impossible.  This  technique  is  described  in  the  section
on  modal  operators of necessity  (this chapter,  p. 69).
C:  It's impossible to trust anyone.
T:   What stops you from trusting anyone?
or,
What would happen if you trusted someone?
(f)  Often  the  client  will  offer  generalizations  from  his  model
in  the form  of generalizations about another  person.  For example:
C:  My husband is always arguing with me.
or,
My husband never smiles at me.
Notice  that  the  predicates argue  with  and  smile  at  describe  proc-
esses  which  are  occurring  between  two  people.  The form  of  the
two  sentences  is:  The  subject  (the  active  agent),  the  verb  (the
name  of  the   process),   and   the   object   (the   non-active  person
involved  in  the  process).  In both  of the  above  examples,  the client
represents  himself  as  the  passive  member  of  the  process  —  the
object  of  the  predicate  —  thus  avoiding  any  responsibility  for the
process  or  relationship.  The  generalizations  which  are reported  by
the  client  in  these  two  Surface  Structures  involved  a  special  kind
of  deletion  —  the  Deep  Structure  is  adequately  represented  by
these  Surface  Structures  but  there  is  a deletion  in  the  process  of
representing  the  client's  experience  by  these  Deep  Structures.  In
other  words,  the  client  has  deleted  a  portion  of  his  experience
when  he  represented  it  with  the  Deep Structure from  which  these
Surface  Structures  are  derived.  The   image  of  the   processes  or
relationships  of arguing  with  and smiling at are incomplete as only
one  person  in  the  relationship  is  being  described  as  having  an
active  role.  When  faced  with  Surface  Structures  of this  type,  the
therapist  has  the  choice  of  asking for  the  way  the  person  charac-
terized  as  passive  is  involved  in  the  process.  One very specific and
often  potent  way  of  asking  for  this  information  is  to  shift  the
referential  indices  contained  in  the  client's generalization.  In  the
examples given the shift would  be:
4
  (See  page  86)
Making these shifts in referential  indices, the therapist  creates a

86 / Incantations for Growth and Potential
^
My  husband                            and    I   me
me  (the  client)                            *  My  husband
new  Surface  Structure  based  on  the client's original  Surface Struc-
ture. Specifically:
I   My  husband  always  argues  with  me.
*   I  always  argue  with  my  husband,
and
I   My  husband  never  smiles  at  me.
*   I  never  smile  at  my  husband.
Once  the  referential  indices shift,  the  therapist  may  then  ask  the
client to verify  these  new Surface Structures with  the question:
Do you always argue with your husband?
and
Do you ever smile at your husband?
Here  an  additional  linguistic distinction  is available which  may
be  useful  to  the  therapist:  predicates  which  describe  processes  or
relationships   between   two   people   are  of  two  different  logical
types:
(a)  Symmetrical  predicates:  Predicates which,  if accurate,  nec-
essarily  imply  that  their  converse  is  also  accurate.  The  predicate
argue with  is of this logical type.  If the Surface Structure:
My husband always argues with me.
is accurate, then  necessarily the Surface Structure:
/ always argue with my husband.
is  also  accurate.  This  property  of symmetrical  predicates  is  repre-
sented  linguistically  by  the general form:
If  a  Surface  Structure  of  the  form  X Predicate  Y is  true
and  Predicate  is a symmetrical  predicate,  then  necessarily
the  Surface  Structure  of  the  form  Y  Predicate  X  is  also
true.
If  you  are  arguing  with  me,  then,  necessarily,  I  am  arguing  with
you.  This  same  point  is  made  by  the  expression, "It  takes two to
make  an  argument."  In  the  case  of applying  the  referential  index
shift  technique  to  Surface  Structures  the  therapist  knows that  the
result  will  be  a generalization  which  is  necessarily  implied  by  the
original.  This  technique   assists  the  client   in  re-connecting  his
representation with  his experience.
(b)  Non-Symmetrical  Predicates:  Predicates  which  describe  a
relationship  whose  converse  is  not  necessarily  true.  The  predicate

Incantations for Growth and Potential / 87
smile at is of this logical  type.  If the Surface Structure:
My husband never smiles at me.
is  accurate,  then  it  may  or  may  not  be  true  that  the  converse
Surface  Structure   (with   the   referential   indices  shifted)   is  also
accurate:
/ never smile at my husband.
While  there  is  no  logical  necessity  that  the  converse  of a  Surface
Structure  with  a  non-symmetrical  predicate  will  be  accurate,  our
experience   has   been   that  the   converse   is  frequently   psycho-
logically  accurate.  That  is,  often  when  the client  states a generali-
zation  about another  person  (especially  if the  relationship  between
the  client  and  the  person  being  characterized  is  an  important one
for  the  client),  the  converse  is  true.  Traditionally,  this  phenom-
enon   has  been  referred  to  in  some  forms  of  psychotherapy  as
projection.  Whether  the  converse  of  the  client's Surface Structure
turns  out  to  be  accurate,  by  asking  the  client  to  verify  it,  the
therapist  begins  to  recover  the  missing  material  and  to  help  the
client  re-connect  his representation  with  his experience.
(c)  Clients sometimes  present generalizations from  their  model
in the form:
XorY
For example, a client says:
C:  / have to take care of other people.
to  which  the  therapist  may  reply  (as  outlined  in  the  section  on
modal operators):
T: Or what will happen ?
C:   Or they won't like me.
Thus,  the full generalization is:
/  have  to  take  care  of other people  or they won't like me.
This generalization  involves a claim that there is a  necessary  causal
relationship  between  the  client's  taking  care of (or not taking  care
of)  other  people  and  other  people's  liking  the  client.  The  same
claim  is involved  in the Surface Structure:
If I don't take care of people, they won't like me.
In fact, within formal  systems, the logical  equivalence holds.
5
X  or  Y     =     notX—^Y
Whether  the  clients  present  their  generalizations  in  the  X  or  Y
form  spontaneously  or  supply  the  second  portion  —  the outcome
or consequence —  upon  questioning,  their generalizations  may  be
restated  by  the  therapist  in  the  equivalent  If.  .  .  then  .  .  .  form.
Once  the  therapist  has  had  the  client  verify  the  If .  .  .  then  .  .  .
form  of  his  generalization,  he   may  challenge  it  by  introducing

88 / Incantations for Growth and Potential
negatives  into  both  portions  of  the  generalization  and  presenting
the resulting Surface Structure to the client:
If you do take care of other people, they will like you?
The  therapist  may  use  this  reversal  technique  in combination with
other  techniques;  for  example,  some  of  those  discussed   under
modal   operators  or  universal   quantifiers,  yielding  the  Surface
Structure challenge:
If you  do  take  care  of other people,  will  they  I
 n
.
ece           1
     I
like you?                                                              [always       )
Complex Generalization — Equivalence
We  want  to  point  out  one  additional,  frequently  occurring
form  of  generalization  which  is  somewhat  more complex  than  the
ones  which   we   have  so  far  considered   in  this  section.  These
complex   generalizations   involve   Surface   Structures   which   are
equivalent  in  the  client's  model.  Typically,  the  client  says  one  of
these  Surface  Structures,  pauses,  and  then  says  the  second.  The
two  Surface  Structures  characteristically  have  the  same  syntactic
form.  For example, the client says:
My husband never appreciates me. .. .  My husband never
smiles at me.
The two Surface Structures  are syntactically parallel:
Noun!  -  Universal  Quantifer - Verb  -  Noun2
where   Nouni  =  my  husband
Noun2 = me (the client)
Notice  that  one  of  these  Surface  Structures  (the first)  involves
a  violation  of one of the  well-formed-in-therapy  conditions; specif-
ically,  the  client  is  claiming  knowledge  of  one  of  her  husband's
inner  states  (appreciate)  without  stating  how  she  got  her  knowl-
edge  —  a  case  of  mind-reading.  In  the  second  Surface  Structure,
the  process  of  one  person's  smiling  or  failing  to  smile  at  another
person  is described — a verifiable experience which doesn't require
knowledge  of  the  inner  state  of  that  other  person.  Both  of  these
sample  Surface  Structures  are  generalizations  which  may  be  chal-
lenged  (using  the  technique  described  in  the  section  on  universal
quantifiers).  Here,  however,  we  wish to offer a short-cut technique
which  often  yields  dramatic  results.  The  therapist  first  checks  to
see  if  the  two  Surface  Structures  are,  in  fact,  equivalents  in  the
client's  model.  This  is  easily  done  by  directly  asking  whether  the
two Surface Structures  are equivalents:

Incantations for Growth and Potential / 89
C:  My  husband  never  appreciates  me  .. .  My  husband
never smiles at me.
T:  Does  your  husband's  not smiling at you always mean
that he doesn't appreciate you?
Here the client is faced with a choice — the client will deny the
equivalence  and  the therapist  may  ask  how the client does,  in fact,
know  that   her   husband   doesn't   appreciate   her,   or   the  client
verifies  the  equivalence.  If  the  equivalence  of  these  two  Surface
Structures  is  verified,  the  therapist  applies  the  referential  index
shift  technique:
J
My husband                               I  me (the client)
me (the client)                         * My husband
This  results  in  the  transformation  of the  Surface  Structure from:
Does your husband's not smiling at you always mean that
he doesn't appreciate you?
to the Surface Structure:
Does  your not smiling  at your husband always mean  that
you don't appreciate him?
Let's review what  has happened:
1.  The client  says two Surface Structures which are separated
by  a  pause  and  have  the  same  syntactic  form  —  one  involving
mind-reading, the other not.
2.   The  therapist  checks  to  see  if  the  two  Surface  Structures
are equivalent.
3.   The client verifies their equivalence.
Thus, we have the situation:
(X not smiling at  Y) =  (X doesn 't appreciate  Y)
where X is the client's husband and  Y is the client
4.  The  therapist  shifts  the  referential   indices  and  asks  the
client  to  verify  the  new generalization. The  new Surface Structure
has the same logical form:
(X not smiling at  Y) =  (X doesn't appreciate  Y)
where X is the client and Y is the client's husband.
5.  Typically,  the client denies the equivalence when  she is the
active  agent subject  of the  process.
(X not smiling at  Y)  ^  (X doesn't appreciate  Y)
where X is the client and Y is the client's husband
If  the  client  accepts  the  new  generalization,  the thera-
pist  has  all  the  usual  options  for  challenging  generalization.  Our
experience    is   that   the   client   will   seldom   accept   the   new
generalization.

90 / Incantations for Growth and Potential
6.  The  therapist  may  now  begin  to  explore  the  difference
between  the  two  situations:  the  one  in  which  the  equivalence
holds  and  the  one  in  which  it  does  not.  The  client,  again,  has  re-
connected   her  generalization  with   her  experience.  The  overall
exchange looks like:
C:  My  husband  never  appreciates  me. . ..  My  husband
never smiles at me.
T:  Does your husband's  not smiling at you always mean
that he doesn 't appreciate you?
C:  Yes, that's right!
T:   Does  your  not  smiling  at  your  husband always mean
that you don't appreciate him?
C:  No, that's not the same thing.
T:  What's the difference?
Incompletely  Specified  Verbs
The  second  form  of  generalization  which   occurs  in  natural
language  systems  is  that  of  verbs  which  are  not  completely  speci-
fied.  For example, in the Surface Structures,
(154)   My mother hurt me.                            .
(155)  My sister kicked me.
(156)  My friend touched me on the cheek with her lips.
the  image  presented  is  increasingly  more  specific  and  clear. So, in
the  first,  the  mother  referred  to  may  have  caused  some  physical
hurt  or  the  hurt  may  have  been  "psychological";  she  may  have
done  it  with  a  knife  or a  word  or  a gesture,...  all  of this  is  left
incompletely  specified.  In  the  next  sentence,  the sister mentioned
may  have  kicked  the  speaker  with  her left  or  her right foot,  but  it
is specified  to  have  been  her foot; where the speaker  was kicked  is
left  unspecified.  In  the  third  example, the  image  presented  is even
more  specified  —  the  way  the friend  mentioned  made  contact  is
stated  (touched with her lips)  and  the  place on  the speaker's body
where  contact  was  made  is  also  specified  (on  the cheek).  Notice,
however,   that   the   duration   of  the   contact,   the   roughness  or
gentleness, are left unspecified.
6
Every  verb  of  which  we  are  aware  is  incompletely  specified  to
some  degree.  How  clear  the  image  is  that  the  verb  presents  is
determined  by two factors:
(1)  The  meaning  of  the  verb  itself.  For  example,  the  verb
kiss  is  more specific  by  its meaning alone than the verb
touch   —  kiss   is   equivalent   to  a  specific  form  of
touching; namely, touching with one's lips.
(2)  The  amount  of  information  presented  by  the  rest  of
the  sentence  in  which  the  verb  occurs.  For  example,

Incantations for Growth and Potential / 91
the  phrase  hurt  by  rejecting  is  more  specified  than
simply  the  verb hurt.
Since  every  verb  is  to  some  degree  incompletely  specified,  we
suggest the following procedure:
Step  1:  Listen to the client's Surface Structure, identifying
the  process words or verbs.
Step  2:  Ask  yourself  whether  the  image  presented  by  the
verb  in  its  sentence  is clear enough for you  to visualize
the actual  sequence of events being described.
If the  therapist  finds  that  the  image  he  has from the verb  and  the
accompanying  words  and  phrases  of  the client's Surface Structure
is  not  clear enough  to  visualize the actual  sequence of events  being
described,  then  he  should  ask  for  a  more  completely  specified
verb.  The  question  available  to  the  therapist  to  clarify  the  poorly
focused  image is:
How, specifically,  did X              Y?
where  X  =  the  subject  of  the  incompletely  specified  verb
and  Y = the incompletely specified  verb  plus the remainder
of the  client's original  Surface  Structure.
For example, given the Surface Structure
(157)  Susan hurt me.
the  therapist   asks  for  a   more  fully   specified   image  with  the
question
(158)  How, specifically, did Susan hurt you?
For  the  next  set  of  Surface  Structures,  formulate  a  question
which,  when  answered,  would  clarify  your  image  of  the  action
being described.
(159)  My  children   force  me           How, specifically, do
to punish them.                           your children  force
you  to  punish  them?
Also, how, specifically,
do you  punish your
children?
(160)  Sharon   is   always   de-        How, specifically,  does
manding attention  from           she  demand  attention
me.                                                           from  you?
(161)  I always show Jane that           How, specifically, do
/ love her.                                   you  show  Jane that
you  love her?

92 / Incantations for Growth and Potential
(162)  My  husband  always  ig-         How,  specifically,  does
nores me.                                    your  husband  ignore
you?
(163)  My  family  is  trying  to            How, specifically, is
drive me crazy.                           your family  trying to
drive you  crazy?
Every  Surface  Structure  which  is  well  formed  in  English  con-
tains  a  process  word  or  verb.  No  verbs  that  we  have  encountered
have   been   completely   specified.   Therefore,   every   one   of  the
client's  Surface  Structures  is  the  occasion  for  the  therapist  to
check  to  see  whether the  image  presented  is clear.
PRESUPPOSITIONS
Presuppositions   are   one   linguistic   reflex   of  the   process  of
Distortion.  The  therapist's  purpose  in  recognizing  presuppositions
is  to  assist  the  client  in  identifying  those  basic  assumptions which
impoverish   his  model   and  limit  his  options  in  coping.  Linguis-
tically,  these  basic  assumptions  show  up  as  presuppositions of the
client's  Surface  Structures.  For  example,  to  make  sense out of the
Surface  Structure
(164)   I'm afraid that my son  is  turning out to  be as lazy as
my  husband.
the  therapist  has  to  accept  as  true  the  situation  expressed  by  the
sentence  presupposed  by  this sentence.  Specifically,
(165)   My husband is lazy.
Notice  that  this  last  Surface  Structure,  the  presupposition  of  the
one  before,  does  not  appear  directly  as  any  part  of  the  sentence
which  presupposes  it.  Linguists  have  developed  a  test  for  deter-
mining   what   the   presuppositions   of   any   given   sentence   are.
Adopted for the  Meta-model  they  are
Step  1:  Listen  for  the  main  process  word  or  verb  in  the
client's Surface Structure  — call  this  Sentence A.
Step  2:  Create  a  new  Surface Structure  by  introducing the
negative  word  in  the  client's original  Surface Structure
on the  main  verb — call this Sentence  B.
Step  3:  Ask  yourself  what  must  be  true  for  both  A  and  B
to  make  sense.
All  of  the  things  (expressed  in  the form  of other  sentences)  which
must  be  true  for  both  A  and  B  to  make  sense  are  the presupposi-
tions  of  the  client's  original  sentence.  Specifically,  in  the  case  of

Incantations  for  Growth  and  Potential  /  93
the sentence,
I'm  afraid that my son  is  turning  out  to  be  as  lazy as my
husband.
by  introducing  the  negative  on  the  main  verb  (afraid),  the  thera-
pist creates a second sentence,
(166)  I'm  not  afraid  that  my son  is  turning  out  to  be  as
lazy as my husband.
The  point  here  is  that,  for  the  therapist  to  make  sense out of this
new Surface Structure,  it  must  be true that
(165)  My husband is lazy.
Since  both  the  client's  original  Surface  Structure  and  the  new
Surface   Structure   formed  from   it  by   introducing  the   negative
element  require  that  this  last  sentence  (165)   be  true,  this  last
Surface   Structure  is  the  presupposition  of  the  client's  original
sentence.
In  the  succeeding  set  of  Surface  Structures,  identify  the  pre-
suppositions of  each  of  the  sentences.
(167)   If  you  are  going  to  be
as unreasonable as you
were  last  time  we  dis-
cussed  this,  then  let's
skip  it.
(168)  If  Judy  has   to   be  so
possessive,    then    I'd
rather  not  be  involved
with her.
(169)   If Fred had enjoyed my
company,   he  wouldn't
have left so early.
(170)   If you  knew  how much
I      s  uffe  red,      you
wouldn't  act  this  way.
(171)  Since   my   problem   is
trivial,    I'd   rather   not
take up  valuable group
time.
— We discussed
something.
- You  were  unreason-
able the  last time we
discussed something.
Judy  is  possessive.
Fred didn't enjoy  my
company.
—I suffer.
You  act out this  way.
- You don't know. . . .
My problem  is trivial.
Linguists  have  identified  a  large  number  of  specific  forms  or
syntactic  environments  in  language  in  which  presuppositions  nee-

94 / Incantations for Growth and Potential
essarily  occur.  For  example,  any  portion  of  a  Surface  Structure
which occurs after the main verbs realize, be aware, ignore, etc., is
a  presupposition  or  necessary  assumption  of  that  Surface  Struc-
ture.  Notice  that  these  specific  forms  or  syntactic  environments
are  independent  of  the  content  or  meaning  of  the  words  and
phrases  used.  We  have  included  an  appendix  (Appendix  B)  which
identifies  these  syntactic  environments to  assist  those  who  wish  to
train  themselves  more  thoroughly  in  the  recognition  of  the  lan-
guage forms which carry  presuppositions.
Having  identified  the  presuppositions  of  the  client's  Surface
Structures,  the  therapist  may  now  challenge  them.  Due  to  the
complexity  of  the  presuppositions,  the  therapist  has  a  number  of
choices.
1.   The  therapist  may  present  the  client  with  the  presupposi-
tion  implicit  in  his  original  Surface  Structure  directly.  In
doing  this,  the  therapist  can  ask  the  client  to  explore  this
presupposition,   using   the   other   well-formed-in-therapy
conditions.  For example, the client says,
(172)  I'm afraid that my son is turning out to be as lazy as
my husband.
The therapist  identifies  the  presupposition
(173)  My husband is lazy.
and  presents  it  to  the  client,  asking  her  how,  specifically,  her
husband  is  lazy.  The  client  responds  with  another  Surface  Struc-
ture  which  the  therapist  evaluates  for  well-formedness-in-therapy.
2.   The  therapist  may  decide to accept the presupposition  and
apply  the  well-formed-in-therapy  condition  to  the  client's
original  Surface  Structure,  asking  to  specify  the  verb,  re-
cover the deleted material, etc.
We will  present a  set  of Surface Structures which  have  presup-
positions   and   give   some   possible   ways   of  challenging  them.
Remember  that  the  questions  we  offer  are  examples  and  do  not
exhaust all  the possibilities.
(174)   If  my  wife  is  going  to                What, specifically,
be   as   unreasonable  as             seemed  unreasonable
she  was  the last  time I                to  you  about your
tried  to  talk  to  her a-                                    wife?
bout  this,   then   I  cer-           How, specifically, did
tainly   won't   try again.          your wife  seem  to you
to  be  unreasonable?

Incantations  for  Growth  and  Potential  /  95
(175)   If  Judy   has   to   be  so         How, specifically,  does
possessive,     then     I'd             Judy  seem  to  you  to
rather   not   be      involved                         be  possessive?
with her.
SEMANTIC  WELL-FORMEDNESS
The  purpose  of  recognizing  sentences  which  are  semantically
ill  formed  is  to  assist  the  client  in  identifying  the  portions  of  his
model  which  are  distorted   in  some  way  that   impoverishes  the
experiences  which   are  available  to  him.  Typically,  these  impov-
erishing distortions take  the form  of limiting the client's options  in
some  way  that  reduces  the  client's ability  to  act.  We  have  identi-
fied  some  frequently  occurring  classes  of  semantic  ill-formedness
which  we  typically  encounter in  therapy.  We  present the  linguistic
characterization   for   each   class   below.   The   choices   which   the
therapist  has  for  dealing  with  the  first  two  classes of semantically
ill-formed  Surface  Structures  are  essentially  the  same.  Therefore,
we  will   present  these  choices  in  one  section  after  we  have  pre-
sented both  of these  classes.
Cause and  Effect
This   class   of  semantically   ill-formed   Surface  Structures  in-
volves  the  belief  on  the  part  of the  speaker that  one  person  (or  set
of  circumstances)   may   perform   some  action   which   necessarily
causes  some  other  person  to  experience  some  emotion  or  inner
state.  Typically,  the   person  experiencing  this  emotion  or  inner
state  is  portrayed  as  having  no  choice  in  responding  the  way  he
does.  For example, the client says,
(176)   My wife makes me  feel angry.
Notice  that  this  Surface Structure  presents a  vague  image  in  which
one  human  being  (identified  as  My  wife)  performs  some  action
(unspecified)  which  necessarily  causes  some  other  person  (identi-
fied  as  me)  to  experience  some  emotion  (anger).  Ill-formed  Sur-
face  Structures  which  are  members  of  this  class  can  be  identified
by one of two general forms:
(A)   X
Verb
(cause)
Y       Verb
(feel
experience)
Adjective
(some emotion
or
some inner state)
where  X  and  Y  are  nouns  which  have  different referential

96 / Incantations for Growth and Potential
indices,  i.e.,  refer to  different  people.
The  Surface  Structure  presented  above  is  of  this  form  —  namely:
My  wife   makes         me       feel                          angry
X
Verb
(cause)
Y       Verb
(feel
experience)
Adjective
(some emotion
or
some inner state)
The  other  general  form  which  we  frequently  encounter  is  that  of
underlying  Surface Structures  such  as:
(177)    Your laughing  distracts  me.
The general form  is:
(B)              X               Verb                 Verb                Y
(cause)
where  X  and  Y  are  nouns  which  have  different  referential
indices,  i.e.,  refer  to different  people.
Applying the general  form  to  the  example  we  have:
Your
I
X
laughing
I
Verb
distracts
I
Verb
(cause)
m<
I
Y
We  will  now  present  a  set  of  Surface  Structures,  all  of  which
are  semantically  ill  formed  in  the  way  we  have  been  discussing.
This   is   to   assist   you   in   training   your  intuitions  to   recognize
examples  of this  type  of semantic  ill-formedness.
(178)   She  compels me  to  be jealous.
(179)    You  always  make  me  feel  happy.
(180)   He  forced me  to  feel bad.
(181)  She  causes  me  a  lot  of  pain.
(182)    Your  writing  on  the  wall  bothers  me.
(183)     Their  crying  irritates  me.
In   addition   to   Surface   Structures  which   are   of  these  two
general  forms,  there  are  others  which   have  a  different  form  but
have  the   same   meaning  relationships.   For  example,  the  Surface
Structure
(184)  She depresses me.
carries the  same  meaning relationship  as the  Surface Structure
(185)  She makes me  feel depressed.

Incantations for Growth and Potential / 97
In  fact,  to  assist  therapists  in  training their intuitions to  recognize
semantically  ill-formed  Surface  Structures  of  this  type,  this  para-
phrase  test  can  be  used.  Specifically,  if  the  Surface  Structure  the
client  presents can  be translated from
X               Verb               Y
where  X  and  Y  are  nouns with  different referential  indices
into the general form  (a)
Verb
(cause)
Y
Verb
(feel
experience)
Adjective
(emotion or
inner state)
where  the  adjective  is  a  form  related  to  the  verb  in  the
client's original  Surface  Structure
and  the  new  Surface  Structure   means  the  same  as  the  client's
original  Surface  Structure,  then  the  Surface  Structure  is  seman-
tically ill formed.  As an additional  example,  the client says,
(186)   You bore me.
To   apply   the   paraphrase   test,   move   the   verb   in   this  Surface
Structure  to  the  end  of  the  new  Surface  Structure  and  put  the
verb  cause  or make  in  its original  position, and  insert the verb feel
or experience, yielding,
(187)   You make me feel bored.
The  question  now  is  whether  this  new  Surface  Structure  and  the
client's  original  mean the  same thing.  In this case, they do,  and  the
client's  original  Surface  Structure  is  identified  as  being  seman-
tically   ill  formed.  To  assist  you   in  training  your  intuitions  in
identifying  this  class  of semantically  ill-formed  Surface  Structures,
we  present  the  following  set of sentences.  Determine  which  of the
Surface  Structures  are  ill  formed  by  using the  paraphrase test with
form  (A).
(188)   Music pleases me.                  =    Music  makes  me feel
pleased.
(189)  My  husband  likes  me.      =£      My  husband  makes
me feel liked.
(190)   Your  ideas  annoy  me.       =    Your  ideas  make  me
feel annoyed.
(191)  His plan insults me.             =       His plan  makes  me
feel  insulted.

98 / Incantations for Growth and Potential
(192)  Policemen   follow  me.      #     Policemen  make  me
feel followed.
One additional, frequently  occurring Surface Structure form  in
this class is
(193)  I'm sad that you forgot our anniversary.
or,
(194) I'm sad since you forgot our anniversary.
or,
(195)  I'm sad because you forgot our anniversary.
Once  again,  these  three  Surface  Structures  can  be  paraphrased  by
the Surface Structure:
(196) Your forgetting our anniversary makes me feel sad.
Notice  that  this  last  Surface  Structure  is  of the  general  form  (B).
Thus,  a  paraphrase  test  is  again  available  here  to  assist  you  in
training  your  intuitions.  Specifically,  if  the  client's  Surface Struc-
ture  can be  paraphrased  by a sentence of the general form (B), it is
semantically ill formed.
We  present  an  additional  set  of  Surface Structures.  Determine
which  of them  are  semantically  ill  formed  by  using the  paraphrase
test with form (B).
(197)  I'm   down   since   you      =    Your not helping  me
won't help  me.                         makes  me feel  down.
(198)  I'm     lonely     because      =     Your not  being here
you're  not here.                      makes  me feel  lonely.
(199)   I'm    happy    that    I'm      =     My going to  Mexico
going to  Mexico.                     makes  me feel  happy.
(Note:  The  paraphrase  test  works  but the Surface Structure  is not
ill  formed  since both  nouns,  X and Y in the general form  (B),  have
the  same referential  index.)
(200)  She's  hurt  that  you're      =    Your not  paying any
not  paying  any  atten-                   attention  to  her
tion  to her.                                 makes  her feel  hurt.
But,
In  addition  to  the  forms  of  Surface  Structures  which  we  have
presented  involving  ways  that  the  client  experiences  having  no
choice,  we  have  found  it  useful  in  teaching  other  therapists  in
training  to  hear  the  cue  word  but.  This  conjunction  but,  which

Incantations for Growth and Potential / 99
translates  in  many  of  its  uses  logically  as  and  not,  functions  to
identify  what  the  client  considers  the  reasons or conditions which
make  something  he  wants impossible or which  make something  he
doesn't want  necessary.  For example, the client says:
(201)   / want to  leave home but my  father is sick.
When  we  hear  Surface  Structures  of this form, we understand  the
client  to  be  identifying  a  cause-effect  relationship  in  his  model  of
the  world.  Thus,  we  call  Surface  Structures  of  this  general  form
Implied Causatives.
(202) Xbut Y
In  the  specific  example  above,  the  client  is  reporting  what  is  a
necessary  causal  connection  in  his model, namely, that his father's
being  sick  prevents  him  from  leaving  home.  The  portion  of  the
Surface  Structure  represented  by  X identifies something the client
wants  (i.e.,  to  leave  home)  and  the  portion  represented  by  Y
identifies  the  condition  or  reason  (i.e.,  my  father  is  sick)  that the
client  is  blocked  from  getting  X.  We  have  identified  one  other
common form  Implied  Causatives  typically  have  in Surface Struc-
tures. The client says:
(203)   / don't want to  leave home,  but my father is sick.
In  this  form  of the  Implied  Causative  the  X  represents something
the  client does not want (i.e., to leave home),  and  the Y  represents
the  condition  or  reason  that  is forcing the client to experience  the
thing  he  doesn't  want  (i.e.,  my  father  is sick).  In  other words,  the
client's  father's  being  sick  is  forcing  the  client  to  leave  home.
These   are  the  two  Implied  Causatives  that  we  have  most  fre-
quently  encountered.  Both  of  the  forms  share  the  characteristic
that  the  client  experiences  no  choice.  In  the  first  case,  he  wants
something  (the  X  in  the  general  form  X but  Y)  and  some  condi-
tion  is  preventing  him  from  getting  it  (the  Y).  In the second  case,
the  client  does  not  want  something  (the  X),  but  something  else
(the   Y)   is  forcing  him  to  experience  it.  The  following  set  of
Surface  Structures  is  composed  of examples of  Implied  Causatives
to assist you in  recognizing the semantic relationship.
(204)   /  would  change  but  a  lot  of people  depend  on  me.
(205)   /  don't  want  to  get  angry  but she is a/ways blaming
me.
(206)  /  would  like  to  get  to  the bottom  of this,  but  I'm
taking up too much of the group's time.
(207)   /  don't  enjoy  being  uptight  but  my job  demands  it.
Therapists  have  at  least  the following three  choices  in  coping with
Implied Causatives.
(a)  Accept  the  cause-effect  relationship  and  ask  if  it  is  always
that way.  For example, the client says:

100 / Incantations for Growth and Potential
(205)  / don't  want  to get angry but she is always blaming
me.
The therapist  may  respond:
(206) Do you always get mad when she blames you?
The client will often  recognize times when  she  has blamed him and
he  has  not  gotten  angry.  This  opens  up  the  possibility  of  deter-
mining  what  the  difference  is  between  those  times  and  when  her
blaming "automatically  makes" the client angry.
(b)  Accept  the  cause-effect  relationship  and  ask  the  client  to
specify  this  relationship  of  Implied  Causative  more  fully.  To  the
client's Surface Structure above, the therapist  may respond:
(207)  How,  specifically,  does her blaming you make you
angry?
The  therapist  continues  to  ask  for  specifics  until  he  has  a  clear
image  of  the  process  of  Implied  Causation  as  represented  in  the
client's model.
(c)  Challenge  the  cause-effect  relationship.  One  direct  way  of
doing  this  which  we  have found  useful  is  to  feed  back  a  Surface
Structure  which  reverses  the  relationship.  For  example,  the client
says:
(205)  /  don't  want  to get angry  but she's always  blaming
me.
The therapist  may respond:
7
(208)   Then,   if  she  didn't  blame  you,  you  wouldn't  be-
come angry, is that true?
or, the client says:
(201)  / want to leave home but my father is sick.
The therapist  may respond:
(209)   Then,  if your  father  weren't sick,  you  would  leave
home, right?
This  technique  amounts  to  asking  the  client  to  reverse  the  condi-
tion  in  his  model  which  is  preventing him from achieving what he
wants,  or  to  reverse  or  remove  the  conditions  in  his  model  which
are  forcing  him  to  do  something  he  doesn't  want  to  do  and  then
asking   whether   this   reversal   gives  him   what   he  wants.   Let's
examine this  process  more carefully.  If someone  says to me:
/ want to relax but my back is killing me.
I  understand him to be saying:
(
I can't  relax          \
>    because my
I am  not  relaxed  )
back  is  killing  me.

Incantations for Growth and Potential / 101
Thus,  Surface Structures of the form:
Xbut Y
involve a deletion. Their full form is:
X and not X because of Y
Using  the  previous  example  we  have  the  initial  Surface Structure:
/ want to leave home but my father is sick.
which,   using   the   equivalence   we   just   suggested,   has   a  full
representation:
f  I can't  \
I want to leave home and  \             \   leave home  because
\   I  don't)
my father is sick.
Once  this  fuller  version  of  the  original  Surface  Structure  is  avail-
able,  the  therapist  may  apply  the  reversal  technique  for  Implied
Causatives.  From a Surface Structure of the form
X and not X because of Y
he  forms  a  new  reversed  Surface  Structure  with  only  the  second
part of the fuller version:
not X because of Y.
This  new  Surface  Structure  consists  of an  If.  ..  then  ...  construc-
tion  with  this  latter  portion  of  the  full  representation  reversed
where   negatives   have   been   added  for  both  the  X  and  the  Y
portions.  In a step-by-step presentation:
(1)  Place  the  latter  portion  of the full  representation  in  an
If...  then...  construction  in  reversed  order  —
(Ican't     |
If (my father is sick),  then (I                \    leave  home).
1  I don't  J
I  1 means one expression  or the other/not both.
(2)  Introduce  negatives  into  both  the  If part  and  the  then
part —
(
I can't
\      not
I  don't

or, translating the double  negatives into grammatical  English:
(
/ could
\ leave
I would
1
(3)  Present the  reversed generalization  to the client for verification or denial.                                               !"
If your father weren 't sick, you would leave home?                                                                                      3
This  reversal  technique  has  been,  in  our experience, very  effective  in  challenging the Cause-Effect generalization      §.
involved.  The  client  often  succeeds  in  taking  responsibility  for  his continuing decision  to do  or  not to do  what
         Q
he   originally   claims   someone   or  something  else  controls.  To  review,  the   reversal  technique  for  Implied    <a.
Causatives  of  the form  X  but  Y  involves  the following  steps:                                                                                                  5"
(1)  Expand  the  client's original  Surface Structure  to  its fuller version  (with  the deletion  restored),  using       §
the  equivalence:                                                                                                                                                            §r
(X          but          Y)                  -(X               and          not            X             because              Y)
I want  to   \        (my  father\     11 want to   \            I  11 can't \        leave \                         (my  father\
leave  home)
  but
 [is sick        )     [leave  home)
    and
    \\  I don'tj         home)
          because
       [is sick       )
(2)  Place  the  second  portion  of the  restored  Surface Structure — the  portion  after the and — in  an  If.  ..
then .  .  .  construction  in the  reversed order:  (See  page  103)
(3)  Introduce  negatives  into  the  new  Surface Structure  in  both  the  If and  the  then  portions:
(See  page  103)

(2)
(not        X             because               Y)                    -(If      Y,             then  not                  X)
.,          I  \ I can  t  1        leave  \
then     [\  ,   ,     ,.)        ,          I
\    /  don  t           home I
«
I can't)    .        ,         \     ,                 (my  father\
          T
,    (my  father\
I don't]   bavehomej    because  ^
fc
     j^If     ^
fc
         j
(3)
(If      Y         then           not          X)             -(If         not       Y      then         not       not        X)
(
If my  father\  .,         (I I can't]    leave\_^(If  my  father\    .,        (i I can't)       .      leave  \
.    .  ,.'         }  then     [{  j  ,    ,. \   ,        |~M  .    ,.   .  ,        I  then     \{
T
,     ,.\   not        ,          J
is sick            J                  \\I  dontl      home!            \isnt  sick       J                   \\Idontl                     home  I
I
(4)  Present  the  final  form   of  the   new   Surface  Structure   as  a  challenge   to  the  client's  original      2
generalization:
6
                                                                                                                                          ^
Well, then, if your father weren't sick, you would leave home?                                                                o
(d)  One  additional  technique  which  we  have found  useful  is to strengthen  the client's generalizations about       |
Implied  Causative  by  inserting the  modal operator of necessity  into  the client's Surface Structure  when  we feed     3-
it back,  asking the client to verify or challenge it.  For example, the client says:                                                         §
(201)  / want to leave home, but my father is sick.                                                                                          ^
The therapist  may  respond:
(210) Are you saying that your father's being sick necessarily prevents you from leaving home?                  §
The  client  often  will  balk  at  this  Surface  Structure  since  it  blatantly  claims  that  the  two events,  X  and  Y,     S.
are  necessarily  connected.  If  the  client  balks here, the  way  is opened for the client and  the therapist to explore     ^T
how  it  is  not  necessary.  If the client  accepts  the strengthened  version (with necessarily), the  way  is opened for      S
1

104 / Incantations for Growth and Potential
exploring  how  that  necessary  causal  connection  actually  works,
asking  for  more  specifics  about  that  connection.  This  technique
works  particularly  well  in  conjunction  with  options  (a)  and  (b)
described above.
Mind  Reading
This   class   of  semantically  ill-formed  Surface  Structures  in-
volves  the  belief  on  the  part  of  the  speaker  that  one  person  can
know  what  another  person  is thinking and feeling without a direct
communication  on  the  part  of  the  second  person.  For  example,
the client says:
(211)  Everybody  in  the  group  thinks  that  I'm  taking  up
too much time.
Notice  that  the  speaker  is  claiming  to  know  the  contents  of  the
minds  of  all  of  the  people  in  the  group.  In  the  following  set  of
Surface  Structures,  identify  those  which  contain  the  claim  that
one  person  knows the  thoughts or feelings of another  person.
(212)  Henry is angry at me.                                           yes
(213)  Martha touched me on the shoulder.                     no
(214)  I'm sure she liked your present.                           yes
(215)  John told me he was angry.                                   no
(216)  I know what makes him happy.                            yes
(217)   I know what's best for you.                                  yes
(218)   You know what I'm  trying to say.                       yes
(219)  You can see how I feel.                                      yes
Another   less  obvious  example  of  this  same  class  is  Surface
Structures  which   presuppose  that  some  person   is  able  to  read
another's mind.  For example,
(220)  If she loved me,  she  would always do what I would
like her to  do.
(221)   I'm  disappointed  that  you  didn't  take  my  feelings
into account.
These  two  cases of semantic  ill-formedness — Cause and  Effect
and  Mind-Read  ing  —  can  be  dealt with  by  the  therapist  in  essen-
tially   the  same  way.  Both  of  these  involve  Surface  Structures
which   present  an  image  of  some  process  which  is  too  vague  to
allow  the  therapist  to  form  a  clear  picture  of  what  the  client's
model  is.  In  the first  case, a  process is described which  claims that
one  person  is performing some action  which  causes another person
to  experience  some  emotion.  In  the  second  case,  a  process  is
described   which   claims  that  one  person   comes  to  know  what
another  person  is  thinking  and  feeling.  In  neither  case  is  it  given
how,  specifically,  these  processes  are  being  accomplished.  Thus,
the  therapist  responds by asking, how, specifically, these  processes

Incantations for Growth and Potential /  105
occur.  In  our  experience,  Surface  Structures  which  include  Cause
and   Effect   and   Mind-Reading  identify  portions  of  the  client's
model  in  which  impoverishing distortions  have occurred.  In  Cause
and  Effect  Surface  Structures,  the  clients  feel  that  they  literally
have   no  choice,  that  their  emotions  are  determined   by  forces
outside  of  themselves.   In  Mind:Reading  Surface  Structures,  the
clients  have  little  choice  as  they  have  already  decided  what  the
other  people  involved  think  and  feel.  Therefore,  they  respond  on
the  level  of  their  assumptions  about  what  these  others  think  and
feel  when,  in  fact,  their  assumptions  about  the  others'  thoughts
and  feelings  may  be  invalid.  Conversely,  in  Cause  and  Effect,  the
client   may   come   to   feel   guilty   or,   at   least,   responsible  for
"causing"  some  emotional  response  in  another.  In  Mind-Reading
clients   may   systematically  fail   to   express   their   thoughts   and
feelings,  making  the  assumption  that others  are  able to  know what
they  are  thinking  and  feeling.  We  are  not  suggesting  that  it  is
impossible  for  one  human  being  to  come  to  know  what another  is
thinking  and  feeling  but  that  we  want  to  know  exactly  by  what
process  this  occurs.  Since  it  is  highly  improbable  that  one  human
being  can  directly  read  another's mind, we want details about how
this  information   was  transferred.   We  view  this  as  being  very
important,  as in our experience the client's  assumed ability  to  read
another's  mind  and  the  client's  assumptions that another  can  read
his  mind  is  the  source  of  vast  amounts  of  inter-personal  diffi-
culties,  miscommunication  and  its  accompanying  pain.  Even  less
probable  from   our  experience  is  the  ability  of  one   person  to
directly  and  necessarily  cause an emotion  in another human  being.
Therefore,  we  label  all  Surface  Structures  of  these  forms  seman-
tically  ill  formed  until  the  process  by  which  what  they  claim  is
true  is  made explicit,  and  the  Surface  Structures representing this
process  are  themselves  well  formed  in  therapy.  The  therapist asks
for  an  explicit  account  of  the  process  implied  by  Surface  Struc-
tures  of  these  two   classes  essentially  by  the  question  how?  As
before,  in  the  section  on  incompletely  specified  verbs,  the  thera-
pist  is  satisfied  only  when  he  has  a  clearly  focused  image  of the
process being described. This process might proceed as follows:
C:  Henry makes me angry.
T: How, specifically, does Henry make you angry?
C: He never considers my feelings.
The therapist  has at  least the following choices:
(a) What feelings, specifically?
(b)  How   do  you   know   that  he  never  considers  your
feelings?
The therapist  chooses to  ask  (b)  and  the client responds:

106 / Incantations for Growth and Potential
C: Because he stays out so late every night.
The therapist  now  has at  least the following choices:
(a)  Does  Henry's  staying  out  at  night  always  make  you
angry?
(b)  Does Henry's staying out at night always mean that he
never considers your feelings?
The  client's  subsequent  Surface  Structures  are  subjected  to  the
well-formed-in-therapy conditions by  the therapist.
The  Lost  Performative
Each   of  us   has   noticed  that  in  the  therapeutic  encounter
clients characteristically  make statements in  the form  of a generali-
zation  about  the  world  itself,  which  include  judgments  which  we
recognize  as  being  true  of their  model  of the world.  For example,
the client says
(222)  It's wrong to hurt anyone's feelings.
We  understand  this  sentence  to  be  a  statement  about  the  client's
model  of the world, specifically, a rule for himself.  Notice that the
form  of  the  Surface  Structure the client  uses  suggests a generaliza-
tion  which  is  true  about  the  world;  the  Surface  Structure  is  not
relativized  to  the  client.  There  is  no  indication  in  the  Surface
Structure  that  the  client  is  aware  that  the  statement  made  is true
for  his  particular  model;  there  is  no  indication  that  the  client
recognizes  that  there  may  be  other  possibilities.  We  translate  this
sentence, then, into the Surface Structure
(223)  /  say  to  you  that it's  wrong for me to hurt anyone's
feelings.
Within  the  transformational  model, linguists  have  presented  an
analysis  which  shows that  every  Surface  Structure is derived from
a  Deep  Structure  which   has  a  sentence  of  the  form  (see  Ross,
1970)
(224)  / say to you that S
where  S. is the Surface Structure. This higher sentence is called the
Performative  and  is,  in  most  cases,  deleted  by  a  transformation
called   Performative  Deletion   in  its  derivation  to  Surface  Struc-
tures.  Notice  that,  by  this  analysis,  the  Deep  Structure  explicitly
identifies  the  speaker  as the source of the generalization about the
world;  in  other  words,  the  sentence  which  shows  up  in  Surface
Structures  as  a  generalization  about  the  world  is  represented  in
Deep  Structure as a generalization from the speaker's model of the
world.  The  point  of  this  is  not  to  have  the  client  present  each
Surface  Structure   preceded  by  the  Performative,  but  rather  to
train  ourselves  as  therapists  to  recognize  that  the  generalizations
which   the  client   presents  about   the  world   are  generalizations

Incantations for Growth and Potential / 107
about  his  model  of the  world.  Once recognized, the therapist  may
challenge  these  generalizations  in  such a way that the client comes
to   see  these  generalizations  as  true  for  his  belief  system  at  a
specific  moment  in  time.  Since  these  are generalizations about his
beliefs,   rather  than   generalizations  about  the  world   itself,  the
therapist  may  work  to  assist the client  in  developing other  possible
options within  his  model. This is particularly important in  cases in
which  the  generalization  reduces  the  choices  experienced  by  the
client.  This  is  typically  associated  with  areas  of the client's model
in  which  he  experiences  pain  and  has  limited  options  which  he
does  not find  satisfying.  There  are  a  number  of  cue  words  which
we  have  found  useful   in  identifying  Surface  Structures  of  this
class. These include:
good,  bad,  crazy,  sick,  correct,  right,  wrong,  only  (as in:
There is only one way. . .) true, false, . ..
These  are  only  some-of  the  cue  words  which  you  may find  useful
in  identifying  Surface  Structures  of  this  class.  The  identifying
feature  of  this  class  is that the  Surface Structures  have  the form  of
making  generalizations about the world; they  are not relativized  to
the  speaker.  Linguistically,  all  trace  of  the  Performative  has  been
deleted.
WELL  FORMED  IN  THERAPY
We  have  presented  an  extended  set of explicit examples which
therapists   can   use   to  train   their  intuitions  in   identifying  the
phenomenon  we  called  "well formed  in therapy." This constitutes
the explicit  Meta-model  for  therapy.  While  we  recognize  that  our
Meta-model  covers  only  a  portion  of  the  verbal  communication
which   is   possible  in  therapy,   we  present  in  the  next  chapter
examples  of  therapy  in  which  we   have  restricted  the  therapist
totally  to  our  Meta-model. This is artificial  in that the  Meta-model
is  a  set  of  tools  designed  to  be  used  in  conjunction  with  the
different  possible  approaches  to  therapy.  We want you  to  imagine
the  potentially  increased  effectiveness  of  therapy  conducted  with
our  Meta-model  incorporated  into  your  specific  approach  to  ther-
apy.  We  want  to   remind   you   that,   while  our  Meta-model  is
designed  specifically for verbal  communication,  it  is a special  case
of the general  modeling that we, as humans, do. We will generalize
our  Meta-model  to other forms of  human  representational  systems
in Chapter Six.

108  /  Incantations  for  Growth  and  Potential
EXERCISE C
Each  of the  specific  sections  presented  detail  steps for you
to  go through in  order to  sharpen your intuitions regarding
well  formed  in  therapy.  All  that  is  required  is  that  you
read  carefully  and  apply  the  step-by-step  procedures  out-
lined,  and  that  you  have  access  to  some  set  of  Surface
Structures. The step-by-step procedures are presented here;
the  set  of  Surface  Structures  to  which  you  may  apply
these  techniques  is  available  wherever  people  are  talking.
One  specific  way  of  obtaining  Surface Structures to use  in
applying  these techniques is to  use your own internal voice
(inner dialogue)  as a source.  We suggest that, initially, you
use   a   tape   recorder   and   tape  your   internal   voice   by
speaking  it  out  loud.  Then  use  the  tape  as  a  source  for
applying  the  well-formed-in-therapy  conditions.  After you
have  had  some  practice  in  this,  you  may  simply  become
aware   of  the   inner   dialogue   and   apply  the  conditions
directly  to~these  sentences  without  going  through  a  tape
recorder.  This  technique  will  provide  you  with  a  limitless
source  of sentences  which you  can  use to train yourself.
We  cannot  overemphasize  the  need  to  practice  and
familiarize  yourself  with   all  of  the  material  in  Chapter
Four.   The   step-by-step   procedure   makes  this  material
learnable;  whether  or  not  you  specifically  learn  this mate-
rial  will  depend  upon  your  willingness  to  practice.  While
the   step-by-step   procedure   may   at  first  feel  somewhat
artificial,  after  some  practice  it  will  become  unnecessary
for  you  to  proceed  in  this  manner.  That  is,  after  training
yourself  using  these  explicit  methods,  you  will  be  able  to
operate  in  a  rule-governed  way,  applying  the  well-formed-
in-therapy conditions, without any need to  be  aware  of the
step-by-step procedures.
FOOTNOTES  FOR CHAPTER 4
1.    The  general  set  of transformations  which  distinguish  the  derivation
of  the  Surface  Structure  (30)  in  the  text  from  the  Surface  Structure  (31)  is
called  Relative  Clause  Reduction  in  the  linguistic  literature.  Both  (30)  and
(31)  are derived from the same  Deep Structure.
2.     Notice that the  question
What  would  happen  if you  failed  to  take  other people's  feelings  into
account?

Incantations  for  Growth  and  Potential  /  109
differs  in  one  important  way  from  the  client's  Surface  Structure  that  it  is
derived from
One  must  take  other people's  feelings  into  account.
In  the  client's  Surface  Structure,  the  word  one  occurs  as  the  subject  noun
argument  of  the  verb  must  take....  The  word  one  has  no  referential  index.
In  forming the  question, the therapist shifts  the  subject  noun  argument of the
client's  Surface  Structure  to a noun argument which  has a referential  index —
specifically,  the  client  —  i.e.,  the  word  you.  This  kind  of referential  index
shift will  be treated  in  more detail  in the section  Generalization.
3.    We  present  these  two  classes  of  modal  operators  as  separate  classes.
They  are,  however,  closely  connected  in  the  logical  systems from  which  we
borrow  the  terminology.  For  example,  the  following  equivalence  holds  logi-
cally as well  as psychologically:
not possible  not  (X)  = necessary  (X)
In  English, the  logical  equivalence of the two distinct  Surface Structures:
It is not possible  to  not be  afraid =  It is necessary  to  be  afraid.
We separate the two  classes for the  purposes of presentation.
4.     Readers  familiar  with  elementary  logical  systems  will  recognize  this
as  a  case  of the  substitution  rule  in,  for  example,  the  propositional  calculus.
The  only  constraint  is  that  when  some term me  is substituted for  some other
term   my  husband,   then   all   instances  of  the  term  my  husband  must  be
replaced  by  the  term  me.  The  same  constraint  works  well  in  the  context  of
therapy.
5.     The  reader  familiar  with  the  most  elementary  of the  logical  systems
can  verify this formal  equivalence  using truth  tables:
X         Y         X     V     Y          -VX-*Y
T          T                  T                          T
TFT                                    T
F          T                  T                          T
F          F                  F                           F
Thus, the logical equivalence of
X  V  Y  and  \-X-<-Y.
= the negation symbol
the  implication symbol
In our experience they  also  have a psychological  equivalence.
6.     Here,  in  the  analysis  of  verbs  which  are  differentially  specified,  we
suspect  that  some  of  the  research  currently  being  conducted  in  Generative
Semantics  (see  McCawley,  Lakoff,  Grinder  and  Postal  in  the  bibliography)
will  be particularly  useful  in expanding the  Meta-model further.
7.     Readers  familiar with  logical  systems will  notice  a similarity  between
parts  of  the  reversal  technique  for  Implied  Causatives  and  the  formal  rule  of

110/ Incantations for Growth and Potential
derivation  called  Contraposition.  The  transformation  of  the  original  Surface
Structure   into  the  challenge  by  the  therapist  can  be  represented  by  the
following  sequence:
Linei:  X but  Y
Line  2:  X and not X because  Y
Line 3:  not X because  Y
Line  4:  not  Y and not not  X
Specifically,  if the natural  language connective because  were to  be interpreted
as  the  logical  connective  implies,  then  the  transformation  between  Lines  3
and  4 is the formal  transformation Contraposition.

Chapter  5
INTO  THE  VORTEX
Irythis  chapter we will  present a  series of (example)  transcripts
with  a  running  commentary.  Our  point  here  is  to  provide for you
the  opportunity  to  see  the  Meta-model  in  operation.  In  order  to
present  to you the  clearest  image  of how the  Meta-model  operates,
we  have  restricted  the  therapist  in  these  sessions  to  the  use  of
Meta-model  techniques only.  This  restriction  was placed  upon the
therapist  to  provide  material  for  this  book  that  would  be  a  clear
representation  of  the  Meta-model  and  should  not  be  taken  as  a
statement  by  us that digital  communication  is all a therapist  needs
to  know  about.  Neither  is  it  a  representation  of the work  that  we
do  or  that  we  would  recommend  that  the  therapist  do.  Rather,
this  is  an  opportunity for you  to  see the  Meta-model  in action  and
to  see  how  each  response  that  our clients provide  in  the form  of a
Surface  Structure  is an opportunity for the therapist to  proceed  in
a variety  of  ways.  This  means, as you will  see, that at any point in
therapy  you  will  have  a  number  of  relevant  techniques  available.
We  would  like you  to  imagine  the  Meta-model  techniques  used  in
the  following  transcripts  integrated  with  the  form  of therapy  you
already  use,  and  to  imagine  how  the  Meta-model,  in  conjunction,
could  provide a rich  set of choices for you as a therapist.
In  the  running  commentary  which  we  provide  for  the  tran-
script,  it  is not our  purpose  to  present the  way  we  see the therapist
seeing,  hearing,  feeling,  and  thinking about  what  is  happening  in
the  therapeutic  encounter.  We  provide  the  commentary  to  first,
show  how  what  the  therapist  is  doing  may  be explicitly  described
in  terms  of  the  Meta-model.  We  are  making  no  claim  that  the

112/ Into the Vortex
intermediate  processes  which  are  stated  in  our  commentary  as
occurring  in  the  model  actually  occur  in  the  human  beings whose
behavior  is  being  modeled.
1
   For  example,  when  our  commentary
points out  that  the  therapist  can  identify a deletion  in  the client's
Surface   Structure   by  first  determining   whether  he  can  create
another   well-formed   Surface   Structure  of  English  wherein  the
process  word  or  verb  from  the  client's  original  Surface  Structure
appears  with  more  arguments  than  it  has  associated  with  it  in  the
original  Surface  Structure,  and  then  can  subsequently  ask for  the
portion  missing  from  the  Deep  Structure  representation,  we  are
not  suggesting  that  this  is,  in  fact,  what  the  therapist  is  doing.
Further,  we  are  not  recommending  that  you  go  through  these
steps.  Secondly,  in  addition  to offering  the  commentary  as a way
of  showing  you  how  verbal  behavior  in  therapy  may  be  under-
stood  in  terms  of  the  Meta-model,  the  running  commentary  will
allow  you  to  train  and  sharpen  your  intuitions  further  so  that
what  is  described  in  the commentary  in a step-by-step  process will
become  immediate  for you.  Our  experience  in  training  therapists
in  the  Meta-model   has  been  that,  typically,  they  experience  a
phase  in  which  they  become  aware  that  they  are  going through  a
step-by-step  process.  As  they  perfect  this  technique,  it  becomes
automatic  and  drops  out  of  their  consciousness.  Their  behavior,
however, is still  systematic in this respect.
TRANSCRIPT  1
Ralph  is  34  years  old  and  works  as  assistant  manager  of  a
division of a  large electronics firm.
The client  was  asked  what  he hoped  to get out of the  interview
and began:
(1)     Ralph:   Well.  ..I'm             The  client  is  experiencing  difficulty
not  really                 saying  exactly   what  it  is  that  he
sure.  .  .                    wants.  Remember,  one  of the  first
tasks  of  the  therapist  is  to  under-
stand  the  client's  model  (especially
those   portions   which   are   impov-
erishing).  The therapist here notices
a  deletion in  the first  Surface Struc-
ture   the   client   presents.   Specif-
ically,  he  identifies  the  process  or
relationship  word sure,  and that the
client  has  provided  only  one  argu-
ment  or  noun  (1)  for  the  predicate
sure.  The  therapist  can  determine

Into the  Vortex /  113
(2)     Therapist:   You're  not
sure of what?
(3)    R:    I'm not sure that
this will be
helpful.
whether  this  Surface  Structure  is  a
full   representation   of  the  client's
Deep   Structure  by  asking  himself
whether    he    can    create   another
well-formed   Surface   Structure   of
English  with  the  predicate sure  and
which  has  more  than  one argument
or  noun.  For  example,  the  Surface
Structure
(   )  I'm sure of the answer.
In  this  Surface  Structure,  there  are
two  arguments  or  nouns  associated
with  sure:  someone  who  is  sure  of
something   (in   this   case,   I),   and
something that the person is sure of
(in this case,  the answer). Thus, the
therapist  knows  by  his intuitions as
a  native  speaker  of  English that the
client's  Deep  Structure  contained  a
portion  which  does  not  appear  in
his  Surface  Structure — it has  been
deleted.   The   therapist  chooses  to
try  to  recover  the  deleted  material
by asking for it.
Therapist  asks  for  missing  portion
of  Deep Structure.
The  client  has  produced  a new  Sur-
face Structure  containing  the  infor-
mation which had been deleted from
his   first   Surface   Structure.   The
therapist  listens  to  the  client  and
examines his new sentence, noticing,
(a)  an argument or noun (this) asso-
ciated  with  the  verb  will  be helpful
which  has  no  referential  index;  (b)
that  the  Surface  Structure represen-
tation is incomplete —this predicate
helpful  occurs  in  well-formed  Sur-
face Structures  of English with more
than  one  argument  or  noun  (e.g.,

114 / Into the  Vortex
(4)   T:     You're not sure
what, specifically,
will be helpful to
whom?
(5)   R:    Well,  I'm not sure
that  this
experiment  will
be helpful.  You
see, when I first
went to Dr.  G.,
he asked me if I'd
be willing to
participate in  this
experiment, . , .
and well, I feel
that there's
something I really
(   )   You  are  being helpful  to
me.)
Since  helpful  can  occur  with  more
than  one argument noun as it did in
the  client's  Surface  Structure,  the
therapist  knows  that  a  portion  of
the client's Deep Structure has been
deleted;  (c)  that  the  verb  helpful  is
very    incompletely   specified;   the
Surface  Structure  presents the ther-
apist   with   no   clear  image  of  the
kind  of help the client wants.
By  recognizing  the  specific  ways
in  which  the  client's  Surface  Struc-
ture  fails  to  be  well  formed  in  ther-
apy,   the   therapist   has   made   a
number  of options available  to  him-
self, such as: (1) he may ask for the
referential index — You 're not sure
that what, specifically, will be help-
ful?,  (2)  he  may ask for the deleted
material — helpful  to  whom/what?,
(3)   he   may   ask  the  client   what
specific  kind  of  help  he  had  hoped
for, —Helpfulin  what  way?
The  therapist  has  chosen  to  go  for
both  (1) and (2).
The   client   is   expressing   concern
that the experimental  conditions —
restricting   the   therapist    to    the
Meta-model  techniques  —  will  not
allow  him  to  get  the  help  that  he
wants.  The  therapist  is  attempting
to   understand   the   client's   model
and  notices  the  following:  (a)  the
client's  first  Surface  Structure  con-
tains   the   nominalization   experi-
ment   derived    from   the   verb   to
experiment;  it  has  two  noun  argu-
ments  associated  with  it  which  have

Into the Vortex / 115
need help with
but this is just an
experiment.
(6)    T:     How will this just
being an
experiment
prevent you  from
getting the help
that you need?
(7)   R:    Experiments are
for research, but
there's something
been  deleted  —  the  person  doing
the  experiment  and  the  person  or
thing  being  experimented  upon; (b)
in  the  client's  first  Surface  Struc-
ture,  one  of  the  arguments  of  the
verb  helpful  has  been  deleted  (spe-
cifically, helpful to  whom); (c) also,
in  the  client's  first  Surface  Struc-
ture,  the verb helpful is very incom-
pletely  specified  —  it  presents  no
clear  image;  (d)  in the latter part of
the   client's  second  Surface  Struc-
ture,  the noun something occurs —
this  noun  has  no  referential  index;
(e)  the  Surface Structure noun help
is  a  nominalization  from  the  verb
help,   is   very   incompletely  speci-
fied  and  has  two  deletions:  it  pre-
sents  no  clear  image  of  the  person
or  thing  helping  and  the  person  or
thing  being  helped;  (f)  again,  the
nominalization   experiment   occurs
with   both   of  the   deletions   men-
tioned  in  (a)  above;  (g)  the  client's
last  Surface  Structure  in  this  sec-
tion  is  of  the  general  form X but  Y
—  the   Implied   Causative.  Specifi-
cally,  the  implication   is  that  the
client  wants  something  (X = there's
something  that  I  really  want  help
with)  and  there  is  something which
is  preventing  him   from  getting  it,
(Y = this is just an experiment).
The  therapist  chooses  to  challenge
the  Implied  Causative  (g).
The   client   responds   with   a   re-
statement  of  the  Implied  Causative,
X  but  Y.  Notice  that  it  still  con-

116/ Into the Vortex
I really need help
with.
(8)   T:     What,
specifically, do
you really need
help  with?
(9)    R:     I don't know how
to make a good
impression on
people.
tains   (a)   the   old   nominalization
experiment  with  two  deletions;  (b)
a new nominalization research with
two  deletions  —  the  person  doing
the   research,   and   the   person   or
thing being researched; (c) the noun
something  which  is  missing  a  refer-
ential  index;  and  (d)  the  old  nomi-
nalization     help     with     its    two
deletions.
The  therapist  lets the  Implied  Caus-
ative     stand     unchallenged     and
chooses  to  go  after  the  referential
index (c).
The  client  presents  a  Surface Struc-
ture  which  he  sees  as  providing the
referential    index    for    the    noun
something  in  his  last  Surface Struc-
ture.   This  new   Surface   Structure
violates  the  well-formed-in-therapy
conditions   of   (a)   the  nominaliza-
tion impression with one deletion —
the  person  or  thing  doing  the  im-
pressing;  (b)  the  adjective  good  in
the  phrase  good  impression  is  de-
rived  from  a  Deep  Structure  predi-
cate  X is good  for  Y,  the  X  in  this
form  is  the  impression,  the  Y  has
been  deleted  — i.e.,  who  is the  im-
pression  good  for  —  who  benefits
from   this   action;   (c)   the   noun
people  has  no  referential  index; (d)
the   client's   Surface   Structure   is
semantically     ill    formed    as    he
appears   to   be   mind-reading.   He
states  that  he  doesn't  know  how to
make  a  good  impression  on  people
but  fails to state how he  knows that
this  is  true.  The  way  he  knows  he
doesn't  make  a  good  impression  is
not  stated.

Into the  Vortex /  117
(10)  T:
(11)
(12)  T:
(13)  R:
(14)  T:
Let me see if I
understand you —
you are saying
that this being
just an
experiment  will
necessarily
prevent you  from
finding  out  how
to make a good
impression on
people. Is that
true?
Well, . . . I'm not
really sure ..  .
(interrupting)
Well, are you
willing  to  find
out?
Yeah, o.k.
Who, specifically,
don't you  know
how to make a
good impression
on?
(15)  R:    Well, nobody.
The  therapist  chooses  to  ignore the
ill-formedness   of  the  client's  new
Surface  Structure.  He  chooses  in-
stead  to  re-connect  the  answer  to
his   question  about  the  referential
index   back   up   with   the   Implied
Causative     the     client    presented
earlier   by   simply  substituting  the
answer   he   received   back  into  his
former     question.     Here     he    is
checking  with  the  client  to  make
sure   he   understands   the   client's
model   and   also,  by  strengthening
the  client's  generalization  by insert-
ing  a  modal  operator  of  necessity,
he  asks  the  client  to  verify  or  chal-
lenge the generalization.
The   therapist's   challenge   of   the
client's  generalization  is  successful
— the client begins to waver.
The   therapist   recognizes   that   his
challenge  has  succeeded  (he  hears
the   client's   Surface   Structure   —
Well,  I'm  not  really  sure  ..  .)  and
moves  quickly,  asking  the  client  to
re-connect   his  generalization  with
his  actual  experience  by  trying  to
get  the  help  he  needs  under  these
conditions.
The client  agrees to try.
The   therapist  now  returns  to  the
ill-formedness  of  the  client's  former
Surface     Structure     above     and
chooses  to  go  after  the  referential
index   missing   on   people   in   the
phrase    a    good    impression    on
people.
The  client  fails  to  supply  the  refer-
ential  index  requested  by the  thera-

118/ Into the Vortex
(16)  T:
(17)   R:
(18)  T:
(19)   R:
Nobody? Can
you  think  of
anybody on
whom you have
ever made a good
impression?
Ah,    mmm,...
yeah, well, some
people,    but...
Now then, whom,
specifically,  don't
you  know how  to
make a good
impression on?
. . . I guess what I
have been trying
to say is that
women  don't like
me.
pist. The word nobody is one of the
special  class  of  nouns  and  phrases
which  fails  to  refer  as  they  contain
the   universal  quantifier  (logically:
nobody   =   all   persons  not).  The
client  is  now  claiming  that  in  his
model  there  is  no  one  on  whom he
can  make  a  good  impression.  Thus,
the   therapist   may  choose   (a)   to
challenge  the  generalization,  or  (b)
ask  again  for  the  referential  index.
The   therapist   mentions  the  word
with  the  lack  of  referential  index
again  and  then  asks  the  client  to
challenge    the    generalization    by
asking for  an exception.
Again  the  challenge  works  —  the
client  recognizes  some  exceptions.
His partial answer  again (a) contains
a noun  phrase  which  fails to  carry a
referential  index,  and,  (b)  includes
the  beginning  of a disqualifying but
phrase.
The  therapist  has  again  been  suc-
cessful  in  asking  the  client  to  chal-
lenge  his  generalization  but still has
not  received  a  referential  index  for
the  noun  phrase  —  he  requests  it
again.
The  client  responds  by  altering  his
statement  from  /  don't  know  how
to   make   a   good   impression   on
people   to   women   don't  like  me.
These  two  Surface  Structures  share
two  well-formedness  violations:  (a)
they   each   contain   a  noun  which
carries  no  referential  index  (people
and   women),   and   (b)  they   each
claim that the client is able to  know

Into the  Vortex /  119
(20)  T:    Which woman,
specifically?
(21)  R:    Most women I
meet.
(22)  T:    Which woman,
specifically?
(23)  R:    Well, most
women really .  ..
but as you said
that, I just started
to  think  about
this one woman
— Janet.
(24) T:    Who's Janet?
the  emotional  state  of  some  other
human   being   without   presenting
the  description  of  how  the  client
knows   these   things.   The   client's
Surface  Structure   also  contains  a
deletion   associated   with   the  verb
say   —   the   person  to   whom  the
client is saying what he is saying.
The   therapist   chooses   to   request
the referential  index again.
The  client  responds   with  a  noun
phrase  which  also  fails  to  carry  a
referential  index — notice  the term
most  which  we  identified  as  one of
the  special  set  of words and  phrases
containing  quantifiers  which  there-
fore  fail  to  refer.  The  phrase  gives
no clear image.
The  therapist  requests  the  referen-
tial index again.
The  client  initially  failed  to  provide
the  referential  index  requested  (i.e.,
most  women  really)  and  then  pro-
vides  it  —  the  client  identifies  the
woman  in  question  and  names  her.
Notice   that  the  client's  naming  a
person  when  the  therapist  requests
a   referential   index    clarifies   and
greatly   focuses  the  client's  model
for  the   client  but  provides  much
less  for  the  therapist.  In  addition,
notice  that  there  is  a deletion of an
argument  noun  associated  with  the
predicate   think   (i.e.,   X  thinks  Y
about  Z)  —  specifically,  what  the
client  thought  about Janet.
The   therapist   has   the   referential
index    but    requests    information
about  who  this  person is in relation

120 I Into the  Vortex
(25)  R:   She's this woman
I just met at
work.
(26)  T:     Now, how do you
know  that you
didn 't make a
good impression
on Janet?
to the client.  It would,  for example,
make a difference to the therapist  if
Janet    was   the   client's   mother,
daughter,  wife,  lover, sister,... The
therapist  ignores  the deletion in the
client's last  Surface  Structure.
The  client  supplies  some  additional
information.
The  therapist  is  trying  to  develop a
fully  focused  picture  of  the  client's
model  of  the  world  for  himself.  He
has  succeeded  in  getting  a  referen-
tial   index   for   an   argument  noun
which  originally  had  no connection
with   the   client's  experience.  The
therapist  now  integrates  this  mate-
rial  —  the  argument  noun  with  the
referential  index:  Janet, the  woman
the  client  has  just  met  at  work  —
with  the  client's  original  generaliza-
tion.  Thus,  the  client's original gen-
eralization   /  don't   know   how   to
make  a  good impression on people
becomes / don't  know  how  to  make
a good impression on Janet. Notice
that  this  new  Surface  Structure  is
connected   with   a   specific  experi-
ence  which  the  client  has  had  —
generalizations   block   change;   re-
connecting  the   client's  generaliza-
tion   with   (at   least)   one   of   the
experiences  on  which  the  general-
ization   was  based.  The  therapist,
having    integrated    this    material,
begins  to  question  the  process  of
how  the client  knows that he didn't
make a  good impression on Janet —
this  is  a  choice  which  the  therapist
had previously — he now makes this
choice   and  asks  the  client  to  de-
scribe  how  he  knows  that he didn't

Into the  Vortex /  121
make a  good impression on Janet —
challenging    what   appears   to   be
mind-reading   on   the   part   of  the
client.
(27)  R:  Well,  I  just
know...
(28)  T:     How, specifically,
do you  know?
(29)  R:    She just didn't
like me.
The    client    fails   to
process    word,    the
completely.
specify    the
verb,    more
The  therapist  again  asks  the  client
how  he  knows,  specifically,  that he
didn't  make  a  good  impression  on
Janet.
Again,  the  client  presents  a  Surface
Structure in which he claims knowl-
edge    of   another    person's   inner
experience  without  specifying  how
he  gained  that  knowledge — appar-
ently  mind-reading.
(30)
(31)
(32)
T:
R:
T:
How, specifically,
do you  know  that
Janet didn 't like
you?
She wasn't
interested in me.
Interested in
what way?
The   therapist   continues   to   chal-
lenge  the  client's  reports  of  mind-
reading.
Again,  the  client  claims  knowledge
of another's inner state.
Again,  the  therapist  challenges  the
mind-reading.  Notice  that  there  are
two  general  forms  the  therapist  has
available    for    use   in   challenging
semantically      ill-formed      Surface
Structures    which    involve    mind-
reading.  Either the form  (a) how do
you   know   X?   where   X   is   the
client's  Surface  Structure  (e.g.,  she
wasn't interested in you.); or, as the
therapist  uses  in  this  case, the form
(b)   Verb   in   what   way/manner?
where   Verb  is  the  verb  from  the
client's   original   Surface   Structure
(e.g.,  interested). Both questions re-

122 / Into the  Vortex
(33)  R:
(35)  R:
(36)  T:
She didn 't pay
attention to me.
(34)  T:     How didn't she
pay attention  to
your
She didn't look at
me.
Let me see If I
understand this.
You know that
Janet wasn't
interested in you
because she
didn't  look  at
you?
(37)  R:    That's right!
(38)  T:    Is there any way
you  could
imagine Janet not
looking  at you
and her still being
interested in you?
quest  that  the  client  specify  how
the  process  occurred  — essentially,
a   request   to   specify   the   process
word  or verb more completely.
For  the  fourth  successive  time,  the
client  provides  a  Surface  Structure
which  involves mind-reading.
The  therapist  again  challenges  the
client's mind-reading.
The  client  finally  provides a Surface
Structure  in  response  to  a  request
to  specify  a  process  which  appears
to  be  mind-reading,  which  identifies
a  situation  which  is  verifiable  —
doesn't    involve    a    mind-reading
claim.
The   therapist  substitutes  the  new
non-mind-reading   material   into   a
Surface  Structure   which   identifies
it  as  the  basis  for  the  mind-reading
claims   that   the   client   has   been
making.     Here    the    therapist    is
checking   to   see   whether   he   has
understood the client's model  of his
experience.  He  requests verification
from  the  client.
The   client   verifies   the   therapist's
statement about  his model.
The  therapist  has  offered a  generali-
zation  and  the  client has verified it.
Now  notice  the  form  of  that  Sur-
face  Structure  (36):  X  because  Y.
The  therapist,  having  had the client
verify   it,  may  now  challenge  this
generalization,    again    asking   the
client  to  re-connect  his  generaliza-
tion  with  his experience.  The thera-

(39)  R:   Well,... I don't
know. . .
(40)  T:    Do you always
look at everyone
you're interested
in?
Into the Vortex / 123
pist  asks the client whether the con-
nection    between   the   X   and   Y
connected  by  the  relation  word  be-
cause  in the general form X because
Y always  occurs.
The client  wavers.
The  therapist  challenges  the  gener-
alization,  again using the same tech-
nique   —   this   time   shifting   the
referential    indices    so    that    the
generalization
Janet look at you
You look at everyone
Janet interested in you
You interested in  everyone
(41) R:
(42)  T:
(43) R:
/ guess . . . not
always. But just
because Janet is
interested in me
doesn 't mean that
she likes me.
How, specifically,
do you  know  that
she doesn't like
you?
She doesn't listen
to me.
The   therapist's   challenge   to   the
client's  Surface  Structure  succeeds
— the client admits that his general-
ization  is  faulty.  The  next  Surface
Structure  by  the  client  invites  the
inference  that  he  thinks  that  Janet
doesn't  like  him.  Notice  that  again
the  client  is  claiming  knowledge  of
another's inner state.
The  therapist  again  challenges  the
client's  mind-reading  by  asking  the
client  to  specify  the  process  more
completely.
The  client  presents  a  new  Surface
Structure,    again    semantically    ill
formed  (mind-reading).  Notice  that
there  is  a  difference  — I  can  deter-
mine  whether  another  is  looking  at
me   (note,    not    seeing   me,   just
looking  at  me)  simply  by  observing

124 / Into the  Vortex
(44)  T:
(45)  R:
(46)  T:
(47)  R:
How, specifically,
do you  know  that
she doesn 't listen
to you?
Well, she doesn't
ever look at me
(beginning to get
angry). You
know  how
women are! They
never let you
know  if they
notice  you.
Like who,
specifically?
(angry)  Like my
mother. . . ah,
God damn it! She
never was
her,     but     I    cannot    determine
whether  another  is  listening  to  me
by  simply  observing  her  (nor  can  I
determine  whether  she  hears me by
observing alone).
The  therapist  challenges the client's
mind-reading  Surface  Structure  by
asking  for  a  more  complete  specifi-
cation  of the process.
The  client  retreats  to  the  previous
well-formed  Surface  Structure  with,
notice,  the  addition  of  a  universal
quantifier  ever.  The addition of this
quantifier  results in a generalization
which  the  therapist  may  choose  to
challenge.  Furthermore,  the client's
next  Surface Structure  presents  sev-
eral options to the therapist:  (a) the
client's   assertion    You   know    in-
volves  mind-reading;  (b)  the  noun
women  carries  no  referential index;
(c)  the  Surface  Structure  does  not
specify how  women are — it simply
asserts   that   the   therapist   knows.
The  process  word   or  verb  are  is
completely  unspecified.  The  client's
next    Surface   Structure    fails   (at
least)   two    well-formed-in-therapy
conditions:  (a)  the  noun  they  oc-
curs  twice  in  the  Surface  Structure
—  it  has  no  referential  index,
2
  and
(b)   the   universal   quantifier  never
identifies   a   generalization    which
may be challenged.
The  therapist  chooses  to  go  after
the referential index.
The  client  identifies the  missing  ref-
erential   index.   The   client's   next
Surface   Structure   has   the   same
form  as  the  previous  Surface Struc-

Into the  Vortex /  125
interested  in  me.
(48)  T:
(49)  R:
(50)  T:
(51)   R:
How do you
know  that your
mother was never
interested in you?
Every time I tried
to show her that I
cared about her,
she never noticed
it (begins to sob)
. . .  why didn 't
she notice?
(52)  T:
How, specifically,
did you  try  to
show her that
you cared about
her?
(sobbing softly)
Like all the time I
used to come
home  from
school and do
things for her.
What things,
specifically,  did
tures  (31,  36,  38,  41)  -  this  time,
however,  the  pronoun she  refers  to
the  client's  mother,  not  Janet.  The
Surface  Structure  is  semantically  ill
formed,  as before, as the process by
which  the  client  has  come  to  know
that  his  mother wasn't interested  in
him  is not specified.
The  therapist  challenges the client's
Surface    Structure,    asking   for   a
more       fully      specific      process
description.
The   client's   Surface  Structure  in-
cludes  (a)  two  universal  quantifiers
(every  time  and  never), thus identi-
fying   a   generalization   which   the
therapist  may  choose  to  challenge,
and   (b)   three   process   words   or
verbs  which  are  very  incompletely
specified  (show,  care about, notice)
as  they do not present a clear image
to  the  therapist,  and  (c)  one  claim
to   knowledge   of   another's   inner
perception   without   specifying  the
process    (notice    in    she    never
noticed...).
The  therapist  now  begins  to  clarify
the  image  for  himself  by  asking for
a  more   fully  specified   description
of  the  process.  He  chooses  to  ask
first about the client's actions.
This  Surface  Structure by the client
contains  (a)  a  universal  quantifier
all  the  time  subject  to  challenge by
the  therapist,  and  (b)  a  noun  argu-
ment  things  which  has  no  referen-
tial index.
The  therapist  continues  to  explore
the    client's    model,    specifically

126 / Into the  Vortex
you do for her?
(53)  R:    Well, I always
used to clean up
the living room
and wash the
dishes. . . and she
never noticed. . .
and never said
anything.
attempting  to  get  a  clear  image  of
the   client's   perception   of   his  ac-
tions. He selects option (b).
The     client's     Surface    Structure
offers   the   therapist  the  following
four   options:   (a)   three   universal
quantifiers  (always,  never,  never),
identifying  three  challengeable  gen-
eralizations  in   the  client's  model;
(b)  the  occurrence  of  the  very  in-
completely   specified   verb   notice;
(c)  a  claim  by  the  client  of  knowl-
edge  of  another's  perceptions  (no-
tice);  (d)  a  deletion  associated  with
the  verb  say  (i.e.,  to  whom?).  In
addition,  notice  the  way  the  client
first  states  she  never  noticed,  then
pauses and says, she never said any-
thing.   In  our  experience,  two  suc-
cessive  Surface  Structures  with  the
same  syntactic   form   (i.e.,  noun-
quantifier—verb.  .  .)  separated  only
by  a  pause,  identify  two  sentences
which,  for  the  speaker,  are  equiva-
lent or nearly equivalent in  meaning
in  the  client's  model.   As  in  this
case, such equivalences are very use-
ful   in   coming   to   understand   the
connections   between   the   client's
experience  and the  way that experi-
ence  is  represented.  For  example,
notice  that  the  first  of  these  two
statements  is  a  claim that the client
has  knowledge  of  another's  percep-
tion  while  the  second  is  semantic-
ally    well    formed,    involving    no
mind-reading.   If,  in  fact,  the  two
statements    are   equivalences,   the
second   one   identifies  the   experi-
ence   which  is  represented  by  the
first  (a  semantically  ill-formed  Sur-
face  Structure),  or,  in  other  words,
in   the  client's  model,  the  client's

Into the  Vortex /  127
(54)  T:    Ralph, does your
mother's not
saying anything
to you about
what you used to
do mean that she
never noticed
what you had
done?
(55)  R:   Yeah, since she
never noticed
what  I did for
her, she wasn't
interested in me.
(56)  T:    Let me get this
straight:  you're
saying that your
mother's  not
noticing  what
you  did for her
means that she
wasn't interested
in you?
(57)  R:    Yes,  that's right.
(58)  T:    Ralph, have you
ever had the
experience of
someone's doing
something for
you  and you
didn't  notice
mother's   not   saying   anything   is
equivalent  to  her  not  noticing.
The  therapist  has  chosen  to  ignore
the    well-formed-in-therapy    viola-
tions  in  the  client's  Surface  Struc-
ture  for  the  time  being  and  checks
to  see  whether  the  last two  Surface
Structures are, in fact, equivalences.
Such  generalizations  are  extremely
important  in  coming  to  understand
the client's experience.
The  client  verifies  the  equivalence
and  supplies  a  third  Surface  Struc-
ture  which,  since  it  is  substituted
for  one  of  the  other  two  (specifi-
cally,  she  didn 't  say  anything)  is
also  equivalent.  This  third  Surface
Structure  is:  she  wasn't  interested
in  me.   The  client's  Surface  Struc-
ture  also  includes  a  universal  quan-
tifier never.
The  therapist  decides  to  verify  the
equivalence   of  these  two  Surface
Structures.
The  client again verifies the general-
ization  involved.
The  therapist  decides  to  challenge
the client's generalization — here he
chooses  to  begin  the  challenge  by
shifting the  referential  indices.   (See
page 128)
and   therefore,   the   generalizations
are transformed:  (See page 128)

128 / Into the  Vortex
(59)  R:
(60)  T:
(61)  R:
(62)  T:
until after  they
pointed  it  out
to you?
Well,  ..., yeah,  I
remember one
time..   .
Did you  not
notice what they
had done  for you
because you
weren't interested
in them?
No,  I just  didn't
notice.  ..
Ralph, can you
imagine that your
mother just
didn 't notice
you  (the client)
someone/they
your (client's) mother
you  (the  client)
your mother didn't notice  .
you  didn't  notice  ...
and
I
you  do something for your
mother
someone  do something for you
Notice   that  the   effect   of  shifting
the  referential  indices  in this way is
to place the client in the position of
the  active  member  of  his  original
generalization   —  his  mother,  the
person he is criticizing.
The   client   at  first  hesitates,  then
admits  that  he  has been  in the posi-
tion  that  he  described  his  mother
occupying  in   his   original  general-
ization.
The  therapist,  having  received  the
admission  by  the  client  that  he  has
had  this  experience,  interrupts  him
and  asks if the equivalence
X  not  notice  =  X not  interested
is  valid  when  he  is  the one who did
not   notice  (i.e.,  X  =  the  client),
thereby    challenging   the   general-
ization.
The  client  denies  this  equivalence
when  he  is  the  person not noticing.
The   therapist,   having   received   a
denial  of the  equivalence
X  not  notice  =  X not  interested
when  X  •  the  client,  now  reverses

Into the  Vortex /  129
when.  .  .  .
(63)  R:
(64)  T:
(65)  R:
(66)  T:
(67)  R:
(68)  T:
No,  it's not the
same.
It? What's not the
same as what?
My  not  noticing
is not the same as
my  mother not
noticing — see,
she NEVER
noticed what I
did  for her.
Never?
Well, not very
many times.
Ralph, tell me
about one
specific time
when your
the  referential  indices  that  he  had
shifted  earlier.  This  results  in  the
client's   original   equivalence  state-
ment:  namely, that
X not noticing = X not interested
where X = client's mother
The  client  recognizes  the therapist's
challenge   before   he   completes  it,
interrupts  him,  and  denies  that  the
two  cases  (where X = the client and
where  X  = the  client's  mother)  are
the  same.  The  Surface  Structure he
uses   to   deny  this  fails  the   well-
formed-in-therapy   conditions:   (a)
the   pronoun  it  has  no  referential
index,  and  (b)  the  second  portion
of    the    comparative    has    been
deleted.
The  therapist  asks  for  both  the  ref-
erential  index  and  the  missing  por-
tion  of the comparative.
The  client  fills  in  the  information
requested  by the  therapist.  He then
goes  on  to  describe  the  difference
between   the   two   cases,   namely,
that  his  mother  never  noticed. This
universal    quantifier    identifies    a
challengeable  generalization.
The  therapist  challenges  the  univer-
sal  quantifier.
The  client  admits  that  there  were
exceptions,  thereby  coming  closer
to  re-connecting  his  generalization
with his experience.
The  therapist  attempts  to   get  the
client  to  focus  the  model by  asking
for   a   specific    exception   to   the
client's initial  generalization.

130  /  Into  the   Vortex
(69)  R:
(70)  T:
(71)   R:
(72)  T:
(73)  R:
(74)  T:
mother noticed
what you had
done for her.
Well, once when
. . . yeah
(angrily), I even
had to tell her.
Had to tell her
what?
That I had done
this thing for her.
If she had been
interested enough
she would have
noticed it herself.
Interested enough
for what?
Interested enough
to show me that
she loved me.
Ralph, how did
you show your
mother  that you
loved her?
One  of  the  argument  nouns  associ-
ated   with  the  verb   tell  has  been
deleted  (tell  what?).
The  therapist  asks  for  the  missing
piece  of the  Surface Structure.
The  first  Surface  Structure  includes
a  noun  argument  (this  thing)  and
lacks    a    referential    index.    The
client's second  Surface  Structure  in-
cludes  a  deletion   associated   with
the    word    enough    (enough   for
what),  and  a  pronoun  it  without  a
referential  index.
The  therapist  asks  for  the  deleted
material.
The  client  supplies  the  deleted  ma-
terial  that  the  therapist  requested.
This new  Surface Structure includes
(a)  a  violation  of the semantic  well-
formedness    condition    of    mind-
reading — the client claims to know
whether  his mother  loved him  with-
out  specifying  how  he  got  that  in-
formation; (b)  the  verb  love  is very
incompletely  specified.
The  therapist  is  attempting  to  gain
a  clear  image  of  the  way  that  the
client   and   his   mother   communi-
cated   their   feelings   of   caring  for
one  another.  He  has  been informed
by  the client that  his mother  wasn't
interested  enough  to  show  him that
she   loved  him.   The  therapist  de-
cides    to    employ   the   referential

Into the  Vortex /  131
(75)  R:
By doing things
for her.
(76)  T:
(77)  R:
Ralph,  did your
mother ever do
things for you?
Yes, but she
never really . . .
never let me
know for sure.
index  shift  technique.  Specifically,
he  makes the substitution
your mother      I  you (the client)
you (the client)  \ your mother
Thus, the portion of the client's last
Surface   Structure   is   transformed
your  mother  show  you  that  she
loved you
you  show  your  mother  that  you
loved her
Having  made this shift  in  referential
indices,  the  therapist asks the client
to   focus  the   image,   asking  for  a
more  completely  specified  verb.
The client presents a  further  specifi-
cation  of  the  verb,  setting  up  the
equivalence
X loves  Y = Xdo  things for  Y
where X = the client and
Y = the client's mother
The  therapist  now  shifts  the  refer-
ential  indices  back  to  the  original
Surface   Structure   (73),   and   pre-
sents   one  half  of  the  equivalence
for the  client's  verification.
The  client  agrees  that  his  mother
did  do  things  for him, but he denies
that the equivalence holds — that is,
X  loves  Y  #  X  do  things  for  Y
where X = the client's mother
Y = the client
The  client's  new  Surface  Structure
presents  the  therapist  with  the  fol-
lowing  options:  (a)  ask  for  the  dif-
ference  in  the  two  situations  which
makes  the  equivalence  fail  to  hold
(identified   by  the  cue  word  but);
(b) there are two occurrences of the
challengeable    universal    quantifier

132 / Into the  Vortex
(78)  T:     Never let you
know what?
(79)  R:   She never let me
know for sure  if
she really loved
me (still sobbing
softly).
(80)  T:     Did you ever let
her know for sure
that you loved
her?
(81)   R:     She  knew...
(82)  T:
(83)  R:
How do you
know she knew?
I...   I...   I  guess
I  don't.
(84)  T:
What prevents
you  from  telling
her?
never;  (c) a deletion associated with
the  verb  know  (i.e.,  know  what?);
(d)   a   very   incompletely  specified
verb  know.
The   therapist   chooses   option   (c)
and  asks  for  the  deleted  noun  argu-
ment    associated    with    the    verb
know.
The    client   supplies   the   missing
noun  argument.  His  Surface  Struc-
ture   includes   (a)   a   challengeable
universal  quantifier  never;  (b)  two
very   incompletely   specified   verbs
know and love.
The  therapist  again  chooses  to  use
the   referential    index   shift   tech-
nique.  The substitution that he uses
is  the  same  as  the  one  that  he  em-
ployed in (74).
The  client's  Surface  Structure  con-
tains  (a)  a  deletion  associated  with
the  verb  know;  (b)  a  violation  of
the  semantic   well-formedness  con-
dition,  mind-reading;  (c)  a  very  in-
completely  specified  verb  know.
The therapist chooses option  (c).
The  client  wavers,  and  then  admits
that  he  is  not  able  to  specify  the
process  by  which  his  mother  was
supposed   to   have   been   able   to
know   that   he   loved   her.   This   is
equivalent  to  stating  that  the  proc-
ess in his model is not specified.
The  client  has  been  unable  to  iden-
tify    the    process    by    which   his
mother  was  supposed  to  have  been

Into the Vortex / 133
(85)  R:    ummm ..  .
ummm, maybe
nothing.
(86)  T:    MA YBE?
able  to know that he loved her. The
therapist  immediately  moves  to  the
technique  of  asking  what  is  it  that
prevents  the  client  from  using  the
most  direct  way  he  knew  of  com-
municating  his  feelings  of  love  to
his mother.
The  client  wavers,  considering  the
obvious.   His  Surface  Structure  in-
cludes  a  very  qualified  maybe  and
the  universal  quantifier  nothing.
The  therapist  works  to  get  more of
a commitment  from  the client.
(87)  R:    I guess I could.         The client admits the possibility.
(88)  T:     Ralph,  do you
guess you could
also tell Janet
how you  feel
about her?
(89)  R:     That's a little
scary.
(90)  T:     What is a little
scary?
(91)  R:  That  I  could  just
go up and tell
her.
The  therapist  now  shifts  referential
indices again
I
client's  mother
Janet
and  asks  for  a  commitment  from
the  client  to  change  the  communi-
cation  process  in  that  relationship
so  that   it   is  more  direct  and  re-
quires no  mind-reading.
The   client   hesitates;   his   Surface
Structure  contains  (a)  a  noun  argu-
ment   without   a   referential   index
that;   (b)  a  deletion   of  the  noun
argument  associated  with  the  verb
scary (i.e., scary to whom?).
The  therapist  asks  for  the  missing
referential  index.
The  client  supplies  the  missing  in-
dex  and  expresses  doubt  about  the
communication   commitment   that
the therapist  is  asking for.

134 / Into the  Vortex
(92)  T:      What stops you?
(93)  R:Nothing, that's
what's so scary,
(laughing)
The  therapist  uses  the  technique of
asking   for   the   generalization,  the
outcome    of   the    client's    action
which  he  finds scary.
The   client  recognizes  that  he  has
that  choice.
The  therapist  at  this  point  moved  into  non-Meta-model  tech-
niques,  setting  up  a  contract  with  Ralph  to  insure  that  the  new
possibilities which he had discovered would  be acted upon.
TRANSCRIPT 2
This  transcript  session took  place with  a group of trainees who
were  witnessing  a  demonstration.  Beth  is  a  woman  of about 28.
She   has   been   married   once  and   has  two  small  children.  The
demonstration  begins:
(1)    B:     What should I do
first?
(2)    T:     Tell me what you
are doing here;
you said in  the
interview you
wanted some help
with something
(referring to a
two-minute
interview an hour
before in which
five people were
chosen for this
demonstration).
(3)   B:    Let's see,  what
am I doing here
.  . .  I. . .  I want
help  with  ...
well,  it's my
roommates.
The  client  begins  by  requesting  di-
rection  from  the  therapist.
The  therapist  begins  by  asking  the
client  to  specify  what  she  is  doing
here   and,   referring   to   a  previous
conversation,  asks  her  to  verify  and
explain  her request  for help.
The   client  sounds  hesitant,  some-
what  confused;  (a)  she leaves a Sur-
face  Structure  uncompleted  — help
with ...,  pauses,  then states ...  it's
my  roommates.   The  verb  help  is
very  incompletely  specified; (b) the
nouns  it  and  roommates  have  no
referential  indices.

Into the  Vortex /  135
(4)     T:      Roommates?.  .  .
(5)    B:
(6)    T:
(7)    B:
(Interrupting)
Karen and Sue,
they share the
house with me.
We also have four
children between
us.
What kind of help
would you  like
with these two
people?
They don't seem
to understand
me.
(8)    T:     How do you
know  they  don't
understand you ?
The  therapist  decides  to  ask  for  a
referential  index  on  the  noun  argu-
ment roommates.
The   client   supplies   referential  in-
dices  as  requested  by  the  therapist.
She   adds   more   information,  thus
allowing  the  therapist  a  somewhat
clearer  image  of her model.
The therapist  makes the assumption
that  the  noun argument roommates
fits  in  the  noun  argument  position
of  the  sentence  that  the  client  left
incomplete  in  her second comment.
Presupposing  this,  the  therapist  re-
turns  to the client's original  Surface
Structure   and   asks  the   client   to
further   specify   the   process   word
help.
The   client   ignores   the   therapist's
specific  question  and  begins  to  de-
scribe  her  roommates.  Notice  that
(a)  the  dative  argument  associated
with  the  verb  seem  is  missing/de-
leted;   (b)   the   client   is   claiming
knowledge  of  the  inner  experience
of   others  without   specifying  how
she  got  that  information  — a  well-
formed-in-therapy   violation   called
mind-reading;  (c)  the  client's  Sur-
face   Structure   includes   the   very
unspecified verb understand.
The  therapist  challenges the client's
Surface  Structure  for  violating  the
semantic  well-formedness  condition
(mind-reading).  He  asks  the  client
to  describe  how  she  came  to  know
how they  don't  understand  her.

136 / Into the Vortex
(9)   B:    I guess, it's that
they're  too
busy...  .
(10)  T:     Too busy for
what?
(11)  B:     Well.  ..  too busy
to see that I have
needs.
(12) T:    What needs?
(13)  B:     That I would like
for them to do
something for me
once in a while.
(14)  T:    Such as what?
(15)  B:    They really have
a  lot of things  to
do, but
sometimes I feel
that they are
insensitive.
The client's response  fails to be  well
formed  in  therapy  as:  (a)  the  noun
argument  it  has no referential index
and,  (b)  the  predicate  too  busy  has
a  deletion   associated   with  it  (too
busy  for  what?).
The  therapist  asks  for  the  deleted
portion  of  the  client's  last  Surface
Structure.
The  client  supplies  the  missing  ma-
terial  in  the  form  of  a  new  Surface
Structure.  The  new  Surface  Struc-
ture  includes  a noun argument  with
no  referential  index  (needs).  This
particular  noun argument is a nomi-
nalization  from  the  Deep  Structure
predicate  to need.
The  therapist  asks  for  the  referen-
tial  index  on  the  client's  nominal-
ization needs.
The  client's  new  Surface  Structure
again  lacks  a  referential  index  on
what   she   wants   from   her   room-
mates  (something  in for them  to  do
something). The verb do is nearly as
incompletely  specified  as  possible.
The  therapist  continues  to  ask  for
the  missing referential index.
Again,  the  client  fails to  respond  to
the   question   from  the  therapist.
3
Her  new  Surface Structure  is in vio-
lation  of  the  well-formed-in-therapy
conditions   (a)   missing   referential
index on ... a lot of things ...  ; (b)
missing  referential  index  on  some-
times;   (c)   the  almost  completely
unspecified  verb  do  in ...  things  to
do  .  .  .  ; (d)  a  missing dative  noun

Into the  Vortex /  137
(16)  T:
(18)  T:
(19)  B:
(20)  T:
Whom are they
insensitive to?
(17)  B:    Me.  And.
In what way are
they insensitive
to you?
You see, I do a
lot  of things  for
them,  but they
don't seem to do
anything  for me.
What don't they
do for you? What
needs don't they
see that you
have?
argument  associated  with  the  verb
insensitive     (i.e.,    insensitive    to
whom?);  (e)  by  using  the  verb  in-
sensitive,    the   client   is   claiming
knowledge   of   the  inner  state   of
another    without    specifying    the
process   by   which   she   knows  —
mind-reading.
The  therapist  asks  for  the  missing
noun  argument  associated  with  the
verb  insensitive  [in  Deep Structure,
option (d) in above].
The client supplies the missing argu-
ment  and  begins something else.
The   therapist  interrupts,  choosing
to  ask  the  client  to  specify how she
knows  the  others  involved  are  in-
sensitive to her — option (e).
Again  the   client   fails   to  respond
directly  to  the  therapist's  question.
Her  new  Surface  Structure  violates
the   following   well-formed-in-
therapy  conditions:  (a)  missing  ref-
erential  index on a lot of things and
anything;  (b)  the nearly completely
unspecified  verb  do  occurs  twice  in
the  client's  Surface  Structure;  (c)  a
challengeable  universal  quantifier  in
anything;  (d)  a  deleted  dative noun
argument  associated  with  the  verb
seem — seem to whom ?
The  therapist  asks  for  a  couple  of
the   missing   referential   indices  on
noun   arguments  that   are  floating
around  —  the  anything,   from  the
client's  Surface  Structure  (19)  and
the  needs  from  the  client's  Surface
Structure (11).

138 / Into the  Vortex
(21)  B:
(22)  T:
I'm a person, too,
and they don't
seem to recognize
that.
4
How don't  they
recognize that
you're a person?
(23)  B:     They,  both of
them, never do
anything for me.
(24)  T:     They NEVER do
ANYTHING  for
you?
The  client  continues  to  fail  to  re-
spond  to  the  therapist's  question.
The  new  Surface  Structure  contains
(a)  a  presupposition  carried  by  the
word  too  at  the  end  of  the  Surface
Structure  I'm  a  person.  The  impli-
cation  is that someone else (uniden-
tified)    is   a   person  —  hence,  no
referential    index;    (b)   a   deleted
dative   noun   argument   associated
with   the   verb  seem  —  (seem   to
whom?);  (c)  the  client  is  claiming
knowledge   of   the  inner  state   of
another   (.  .  .   they   don't  seem  to
recognize  ...)  without  stating  how
she  got  this  information;  (d)  a rela-
tively   incompletely   specified   verb
recognize.
The  therapist   is  trying  to  get  an
image  clear  to  him  of  the  client's
model  —  he  keeps returning to  the
specification    of   what   the   room-
mates  actually  do  — just  as he  did
with  (10),  (14),  (18), (20), and this
request.   The   therapist   challenges
the  ill-formedness  of  the  relatively
incompletely        specified        verb
recognize.
The  client  responds to  the therapist
with  a  Surface  Structure  which can
be  challenged  on  the  grounds  of:
(a)  a  universal  quantifier  —  never,
identifying  a  generalization;  (b)  a
noun  argument  associated  with  the
general  verb  do,  lacking  a  referen-
tial index — anything; (c) the nearly
completely    unspecified    pro-verb
5
do.
The  therapist  chooses  to  challenge
the  generalization.   He  does  it  by
emphasizing  (voice quality) the uni-

Into the  Vortex /  139
(25)  B:
(26)  T:
No, not never,
but I always do
things for them
whether they ask
or  not.
Let me see if I
understand at this
point. If someone
recognizes that
you are a person,
then  they  will
always do things
for you  whether
you ask or not?
(27)  B:    Well, maybe not
always,   ...
(28)  T:     I'm a bit
confused at this
point;  could you
tell me what
versal   quantifiers   in   the   client's
original    Surface    Structure   when
feeding  the   sentence  back  to  the
client    for   verification   or   denial.
The   therapist's   challenge   to   the
client's   last   generalization   is  suc-
cessful   (i.e.,  No,   not  never).  She
goes  on  to  state  a  new  generaliza-
tion  identified  by:  (a)  the universal
quantifier   always;  and  containing
(b)  a  noun  argument  without  a  ref-
erential   index  —  things,   (c)  the
nearly  completely  unspecified  verb
do,   (d)  the  deletion  of  two  noun
arguments  associated  with  the  verb
ask  (ask  for/about  what?  and  ask
whom).  Remember,  the  therapist is
still  trying  to  find  out who is doing
what  specifically  for  whom  — what
the  client  means  when she says that
her  roommates  fail to  recognize her
as a person.
The   therapist   thinks   that   he   has
identified  a  generalization  — specif-
ically, an equivalence between
X  not recognize  Y   =   X do  things for
as a person                 Y whether  Y
asks or not
He  puts  the  generalization  in  the
form  of  an  equivalence  generaliza-
tion  and  asks  the  client  to  confirm
or deny it.
The   client   balks  at  the   generali-
zation.
The  therapist  returns  to  attempting
to   find  out  what,  specifically,  the
client's   roommates   do   that   the
client  represents  as  not  recognizing

140 I Into the  Vortex
(29)  B:
(30)  T:
(31)  B:
(32)  T:
those things are
that they  would
do  if they
recognized that
you 're a person?
You know, like
help with the
dishes or
babysitting, or
just  anything.
Could you also
explain  how your
roommates are
supposed to
know what these
things are that
you want done?
If they  were
sensitive enough,
they  would
know.
Sensitive enough
to whom?
her as a person as he did in (22) and
(26).  He  admits  he  is  confused  by
what the client has said.
The   client   begins   to   clarify   the
image by mentioning some concrete
things  such  as help  with  the  dishes
and  babysitting.  She  then  throws it
away    with    the    noun    argument
anything.
The  therapist  has  been  asking  re-
peatedly    how   the   client   knows
what  her  roommates  recognize  (8),
(18),  and  (20).  Here,  he  makes  a
referential  index  shift  and  asks  how
(by  what  process) the client's room-
mates   come   to   know   what   the
client  herself  wants.
6
The   client   responds   in   the   pat-
terned  way  we  have  seen  already,
specifically  claiming  that  her  room-
mates   can   know  what   she  wants
without  specifying  by  what  process
they  get  this  information.  In  addi-
tion,  the  client's  Surface  Structure
includes   well-formedness-condition
violations:  (a)  deletion  of  a  noun
argument  associated  with  the  verb
sensitive (sensitive to whom?); (b) a
comparative     deletion     associated
with the  cue  word  enough  in sensi-
tive  enough  (i.e.,  sensitive  enough
for  what?);  (c)  the  deletion  of  a
noun  argument  associated  with  the
verb  know  (i.e., know  what?).
The   therapist   chooses   to   ask  for
one   of  the  deleted   arguments  —
option (a) in (31).

Into the  Vortex /  141
(33)  B:    To me.
(34)  T:     If they  were
sensitive enough
to you,  then they
should be able to
read your mind?
(35)  B:    Read my mind?
(36)  T:
(37)  B:
(38)  T:
(39)  B:
Yes, how else
could  they know
what you need
and want? Do
you  tell  them?
Well, not
exactly.   ..
Not exactly how?
Well I kin da hint.
The    client    supplies   the   missing
noun   argument   requested   by   the
therapist,  relativizing  the sensitivity
(or  rather,  lack  of  it)  of  her  room-
mates to  her.
The   therapist   now  back-tracks  to
the  client's  Surface  Structure  (31)
and    challenges   its   semantic    ill-
formedness  (mind-reading),  option
(d)  in  (31),  directly  by  explicitly
stating  the  assumption  implicit  in
the client's sentence (31).
The  client  appears  confused,  taken
aback   by   the   therapist's   explicit
statement     of    her    mind-reading
assumption.
The   therapist   continues   to   chal-
lenge  the  client's  very  incomplete
description  of  the  process  by  which
her   roommates   are   supposed   to
know   what  she  wants  and  needs,
trying  to   get  a  clear  image  of  the
client's     model     (the     therapist's
question  refers  back  to  the  client's
Surface  Structures  (11),  (13),  and
(19).   The  therapist  at   this  point
even   offers  one  possible  way  that
the  process he's trying to  get a clear
image of might occur — Do you tell
them?
The  client  denies  that  she  lets  her
roommates   know  by  telling  them
directly.
The  therapist  continues  to  push  for
a description of the process.
The  client's  Surface  Structure  has
(a)  a  deleted  noun argument associ-
ated  with  the  verb  hint — (i.e., hint

142 / Into the  Vortex
(40)  T:
(41)  B:
(42)  T:
How do you
kinda  hint?
I do things for
them.
(43)  B:
Then, since you
do things for
them, they're
supposed to
know  that you
want them to do
something in
return?
It sounds sorta
funny  when you
say it like  that.
at  what?);  (b)  the  verb  hint  alone
yields  no  clear  image  of  how  the
client's  roommates  are  supposed  to
know  what  she  wants  and  needs;
the  already  incompletely  specified
verb  hint  in  combination  with  the
qualifier   kinda   makes   the   image
even  vaguer;  (c)  a  second  deleted
noun  argument  associated  with  the
verb hint (i.e., hint to  whom?).
The  therapist  decides  to  ask  for  a
more  complete  specification  of  the
process  of  hinting  —  option  (b)  in
(39).
The  client  states  more  completely
the   process   of   how   she  lets   her
roommates   know  what  she  wants
and needs — how she kinda hints —
that  is,  she  does  things  for  them.
The  new  Surface  Structure  fails  to
be  well  formed  in  therapy  as  (a)  it
includes   a  noun   argument   which
has  no  referential  index  —  things;
(b)   it   includes   the   nearly   com-
pletely  unspecified  verb  do; (c) this
Surface   Structure   may   be   equiv-
alent  in the client's model — that is,
(X  kinda  hints
  m
  (X does  things
to  Y)                     for  Y)
The  therapist  decides  to  check  to
see   whether  the  client  will   verify
this   generalization  [option   (c)   in
(41)]   by  repeating  the  entire  gen-
eralization to  the  client.
As  the  client  says,  the  generaliza-
tions   from   her   own  model  when
presented  to  her  by the  therapist  in

Into the  Vortex /  143
(44)  T:    Sort of funny
how?
(45)  B:     Like  I'm not
being honest or
something, but
you just  can't go
around
demanding things
all the  time or
people  will  not
want to give them
to  you.
(46)  T:    Wait a second;
who  can't go
around
demanding things
all the  time  from
whom?
(47)  B:     I can't go around
demanding things
a  single  statement sound funny; she
wavers,   not   willing  to   verify   the
generalization.  She  uses the very in-
completely  specified  verb  funny.
The   therapist   asks  her  to  further
specify  her  verb  funny.
The   client's   Surface  Structure  in-
cludes   violations  of  the  following
well-formed-in-therapy   conditions:
(a)  a  missing  referential  index  on
something;  (b)  a  missing  referential
index  on  you  (twice);  (c)  a  missing
referential index on all the time; (d)
a    missing    referential    index    on
things;   (e)   a   missing   referential
index  on  people;  (f)  incompletely
specified  verbs being honest and de-
mand;  (g)  a  challengeable  universal
quantifier  all  in ...  all the time; (h)
a   modal   operator   of   possibility
can't    in  ...   you   can't   go;   (i)   a
mind-reading semantic  ill-formed  vi-
olation   in  people   will   not   want
where  the  client  claims  to  be  able
to  know  an  inner  state  of  others
without   specifying   how   she   gets
that  information;  (j)  the  cue  word
but  which  identifies  a  possible  Im-
plied  Causative;  (k)  a  missing  noun
argument   associated  with  demand
(demand from whom?).
The   therapist   seems   to   be   over-
whelmed    by   the   abundance   of
choices — he  decides to  ask for two
of   the   violations  —  a  referential
index   [option  (b)   in  45]   and  a
missing  noun  argument  [option  (k)
in (45)].
The   client's   Surface  Structure  in-
cludes  both  of  the  items  requested

144 / Into the Vortex
from Sue and
Karen or they
won't  want  to
give me anything.
(48)  T:     I thought you
said that they
didn't give  you
anything anyway.
by  the  therapist  [who  (46)  /;  from
whom  (46) Karen  and Sue].  In  ad-
dition,  her  Surface  Structure  con-
tains     (a)     modal    operator    of
impossibility;  (b)  noun  arguments
with    missing    referential    indices
things  in ... go  around demanding
things,  and anything in ...  give me
anything;  (c)  a  mind-reading  viola-
tion; the client claims knowledge of
an  inner  state  (not  only  an  inner
state  but a future  inner state as  well
—  crystal  ball  mind-reading)  in the
phrase  ..  .  they  won't  want  to;  (d)
two  unspecified  verbs  demand  and
give   which  present  a  very  vague,
unfocused   image   of   the   process.
Notice,  also, the overall  form  of the
client's  Surface  Structure — X or Y
where  X contains a modal operator.
In  the  section  on  modal  operators,
we  pointed  out  that  one  technique
for   challenging   generalizations   in-
volving modal operators in the  form
of sentences such  as
I      can't...
or
It's  impossible  ...
or
One  may  not.  ..
is  to   ask  the  question,  or  what?
Here  the  client has already supplied
the  outcome  or  consequence;  that
is, the or what  part — or Y; specifi-
cally,    ...or    they     won't   want    to;
thereby  identifying  a  full  generali-
zation  in  her  model  which  may  be
challenged.
The  therapist  chooses  to  challenge
the  client's  generalization.  He  does
this  by  first  translating  the  client's
generalization   into   an   equivalent
form. The client says

Into the  Vortex /  145
(49)  B:
Well, they do
sometimes, but
not when I want
it.
(50)  T:Do you ask them
when you want
something?
X  or   Y:   (I  don't  ask)  or  (they
won't  want  to  give)
As  described  in  Chapter  4,  Surface
Structures  of  this  form  are  equiva-
lent  to
If not  X,  then   Y:  If (I don't ask)
then   (they  won't
want to give)
or
If  (I ask)  then
(they  won't  want
to give)
The  client's  generalization  now  has
the  form
If  I   ask,    they   won't   want   to
give
Since  the client has already told  the
therapist  both  that  she  doesn't  ask
(36),   (37),  (38),  (39),  (40),  and
(41),  and  that  they  don't  give  her
what  she  wants  or needs (11), (13),
(15),  (19),  and  (23),  he knows that
the  reverse  of  the  client's  generali-
zation   is  true  in   her   experience;
namely
If  I  don't  ask,   they  won't  want
to give.  .  ..
He,  therefore,  sees  that  the  If part
of  the  generalization  is  irrelevant,
substitutes  the  word  anyway,  and
presents  this  to  the  client  for  her
verification  or  denial.
The  therapist's challenge works; the
client  denys  her  generalization.  Her
new  Surface  Structure  includes:  (a)
two  elements  which  lack referential
indices  —  sometimes  and  it;  (b)  a
very   incompletely   specified   verb
do; (c) the cue word  but.
The  therapist  is  still  trying  to  get  a
clear  image  of  how  the  client  and
her   two   roommates  communicate

146 / Into the  Vortex
(51) B:   (pause) . . . (Puts
her hands in her
lap and her face
in her hands).
Mui. . .kannnt
(mumbling).
(52)  T:     (Softly,  but
directly) Beth,  do
you ask when
you  want
something?
(53)  B:     I can't
(54)  T:
(55)  B:
(56)  T:
What prevents
you?
I Just can't,. . . I
JUST  CAN'T
Beth, what would
happen if you
asked for
something when
you  want it?
to  one  another  what  they  want  and
need.    He    asks    her    specifically
whether   she   asks  them  when  she
wants something.
The  client  is  experiencing  a  strong
emotion.
The  therapist  persists in his attempt
to  get  a  clear  image  of  the  process
by  which  the  client  expresses  her
needs  and   wants.   He  repeats  the
question.
The  client  uses  a modal operator of
impossibility,   leaving   off   the   re-
mainder  of the sentence.
The  therapist  has  now identified  an
important   portion   of   the   client's
model.  Here  the  client  experiences
no  choice  (53)  and  a  great  deal  of
pain  (51).  The  therapist  begins  to
challenge   the   limiting  portion   of
the  client's  model  by  asking  what,
specifically,    makes    this   impossi-
bility  for her impossible.
The  client  simply  repeats  that  it  is
not  possible  for  her  to  ask  —  she
again  indicates  that  she  has  strong
emotions  in  this  area  of  her  model
by  her  changing  voice  quality  and
volume.
The   therapist   continues   to   chal-
lenge  the  impoverishing  portion  of
the   client's   model.   He   shifts   to
another   of   the   Meta-model   tech-
niques     described     under    modal

Into the  Vortex /  147
(57)  B:
/ can't because
people will feel
pushed around if
I ask for things
from  them.
(58)  T:Do people ask for
things  from you?
(59)  B:    Yes.
(60)  T:    Do you always
feel pushed
around?
operators,  asking  for  an  outcome.
The  client  is  willing to  give the out-
come.  There  are  several  violations
of  the  well-formed-in-therapy  con-
ditions   in   her   Surface   Structure
which  may  be  challenged;  (a)  the
modal    operator    can't;    (b)    the
Cause-Effect  relationship X because
Y  identified  by  the  word  because;
(c)  noun  arguments  with  no  refer-
ential  indices,  people   and   things;
(d) a crystal-ball mind-reading viola-
tion  ..  .  people will feel pushed; (e)
a   deletion   noun   argument  associ-
ated with the verb pushed around —
pushed around by  whom?
The  therapist  is  going  to  challenge
the   necessity   of  the  Cause-Effect
relationship  or  generalization  which
the   client   has  in   her  model.   He
begins by shifting  referential  indices
11 (the client)      I  peopl
f people               T / (the
client)
Thus,  the  part  of the generalization
that   the   therapist   is   focusing   on
shifts
I ask for things from people.
T People ask for things from me.
Having  made  the  shift,  he  presents
the  client  with  the  result  for  verifi-
cation or denial.
The  client  verifies  that  she  has  had
the experience
The   referential   index   shift   which
the   therapist   began   in   (58)   con-
tinues as he uses the same shift

148 / Into the Vortex
(61)  B:    No, not always,
but sometimes I
do.
(62)  T:    Beth, are you
aware  that thirty
minutes ago you
came to me and
asked if I  would
work  with you?
You asked for
something for
yourself?
I  / (the client)
\  people
Thus,   the   other
client's      original
becomes
people
I (the  client)
portion   of   the
generalization
I   People  feel pushed  around...
T  / feel pushed around.  .  .
The   therapist   now   presents   this
piece   of  the   transformed  original
Surface  Structure,  challenging  it  by
emphasizing  the  universality  of  the
claim  with  his  voice quality empha-
sis    on    the    universal    quantifier
always.
The   client  denies  that  the  Cause-
Effect  relationship  is necessary [op-
tion   (b)   under   (57)].   Her   new
Surface  Structure  can  be  challenged
on  (a)  missing  referential  index  on
sometimes;   (b)   nearly   completely
specified    verb   do   or   under   the
assumption   that   the   pro-verb   do
refers  back  to pushed  around,  then
the  missing  noun  argument pushed
around  by  whom,  and  a  relatively
unspecified  verb pushed around; (c)
the cue  word  but.
Instead  of  pursuing  any  of  the  vio-
lations     of     the     well-formed-in-
therapy   conditions  in  the  client's
last  Surface  Structure, the therapist
continues  to  challenge  the  Cause-
Effect  generalization  [option  (b)  in
(57)]. The therapist  shifts the refer-
ential     indices     of    the    original
generalization.  (See page 149)
The  therapist  has  relativized  the
client's   generalization   to  the   on-
going  present  in  therapy.  He  calls

Into the  Vortex /  149
(63)  B:
(64)  T:
J
You (the client)     I  people
You (the client)    T  me (the
therapist).
The result is:
You (the client) asked for some-
thing from people.
You asked for something from
-  me (the therapist).
her  attention  to  this,  an experience
which contradicts the client's gener-
alization.  The  therapist  asks  her  to
verify  or  deny this experience.
(pause)  Yesssss        The  client  verifies  her  experience.
Did I feel pushed
around?
(65)  B:     I don't think so.
(66)  T:  Then,  could  you
imagine asking
for something  for
yourself from  one
of  your
roommates and
their not  feeling
pushed around?
The  therapist  invites  the  client  to
check   out   the   remainder   of   her
original    Cause-Effect    relationship
[option  (b)  in  (57)]  with  an  exer-
cise  in  reading  the therapist's mind.
The  client  avoids  the  mind-reading
while  checking  out  the  remainder
of  her  generalization.
The    therapist    has   succeeded   in
getting  the  client  to  deny  the  gen-
eralization   in  her  model  which  is
causing  her  dissatisfaction  and  pain
(a)  by  shifting  referential  indices so
that  she  recalls  experiences she her-
self  has  had  where  she  didn't  feel
pushed  around  when  other  people
asked   her   for  things,  and  (b)  by
connecting  her  generalization  with
her  immediate  experience  in  ther-
apy.  He  now  shifts  referential  in-
dices  again,  this  time  back  to  the
original    difficulty   the   client   has
with  her  roommates.  He  first  asks
her  if  she  can  fantasize  an  excep-
tion  to  her  original  generalization

150 / Into the  Vortex
(67)  B:     Yes,  maybe.
(70)  T:
(71)  B:
(72)  T:
with  her roommates specifically.
The  client  verifies  this  possibility.
(68)  T:     Would you like  to    The   therapist   moves  to   gain  the
try?
(69)  B:    Yes,  I would.
And  how  will you
know  if your
roommates feel
pushed around?
Both  of them
would probably
tell me.
Beth,  do you tell
people when you
feel pushed
around?
client's   commitment    to    an    ex-
ception  to  her  original  generaliza-
tion  in  actual  experience  as  well  as
fantasy.
The   client   indicates   that   she   is
willing  to  try  an  actual  experiment
with  her roommates.
The  therapist,  having  received  the
client's  commitment,  returns to the
central   part   of  his   image   of  the
client's  model  which  he has not yet
clarified  for  himself  —  the  process
by  which  the  client  and  her  room-
mates  let  one  another  know  what
they  each   want  and  need  —  the
same   process   he   was   trying   to
clarify  in  (8), (18), (22), (30), (34),
(36), (40), and (42).
The  client  supplies  the  information
which  clarifies  the therapist's image
of   her   model   of   how   her  room-
mates   communicate   to   her   how
they're  feeling.
The   therapist   now  goes  after  the
other   half   of   the  communication
process:  how  she  lets  them  know
how  she  is  feeling,  what  she  wants.
(73)  B:     Not exactly,  but I    The  client's   Surface  Structure  in-
let them know.         eludes  (a)  a deletion  of a noun  argu-
ment    associated    with    the    verb
know;  (b)  a  very  poorly  specified
verb  phrase  let  know;  (c)  the  cue
word  but.

Into the  Vortex /  151
(74)  T:How do you let
them know?
(75)  B:
(76)  T:
(77)  B:
(78)  T:
(79)  B:
/ guess just by the
way I act; they
should be able to
tell.
How? Are they
supposed to be
able to read your
mind again?
Well, no.
What stops you
from  telling them
directly  that you
don't  want to  do
something or that
you feel pushed
around?
I  couldn't  hurt
their feelings.
The  therapist,  who  is  still  trying  to
get  a  clear  image  of  how the  client
communicates   her   feelings  to  her
roommates,   challenges  the  poorly
specified  verb  phrase.
The  new  Surface  Structure includes
violations   of   the   following   well-
formed-in-therapy   conditions:    (a)
referential  index  missing  the  way;
(b)   a   very   incompletely  specified
verb  act;  (c)  a  very  incompletely
specified  verb phrase be able to  tell;
(d)  a  deletion  of  one  of  the  noun
arguments  associated  with  the  verb
tell (to tell what?); (e) the cue word
should.
The  therapist  persists  in  demanding
the  specifics  of  the  communication
from  the  client  to  her  roommates.
The   client   denies  that  her  room-
mates  should  be  able  to  read  her
mind.
The  therapist  chooses  to  challenge
the   impoverished   portion   of   the
client's  model  again  [option  (b)  in
(57)].
The  client  responds  with  a  Surface
Structure   which   involves:   (a)   a
modal operator of impossibility; (b)
a  very  unspecified  verb  hurt;  (c)  a
semantically      ill-formed      Cause-
Effect,  /  cause   them  to  feel  hurt,
relationship;  (d)  missing  referential
index  on  feelings.

152 / Into the  Vortex
(80)  T:     Does telling
someone no, or
that you  feel
pushed around,
always  hurt  their
feelings?
(81)  B:     Yes,  nobody likes
to hear bad
things.
(82)  T:     Beth,  can you
imagine  that you
would like  to
know   if your
roommates feel
pushed around by
you  so  that you
could be more
sensitive to them?
(83)  B:    Yes.
(84)  T:     Then,  could you
also imagine your
roommates
wanting  to  know
when you feel
pushed around so
that  they  could
become more
sensitive to you?
(85)  B:     ummmmmmm
(pause) I guess
The  therapist  chooses  to  challenge
the    semantic    ill-formedness    of
Cause-Effect    relationship    [option
(c)  in  (79)],  emphasizing  the  uni-
versality  by  inserting  the  universal
quantifier always.
The  client  verifies  that the  generali-
zation  is  part of her model.  In addi-
tion,    her   Surface   Structure   has
violations:   (a)   missing   referential
index  on  nobody;  (b)  missing refer-
ential  index  on  things;  (c)  a  mind-
reading  violation,  nobody  likes;  (d)
a  universal  quantifier  identifying  a
challengeable  generalization  —  no-
body = all people not; (e) a deletion
associated  with  the  Deep  Structure
predicate  bad  —  bad  for  whom?
The  therapist  decides  to  continue
to  challenge  the  impoverishing  gen-
eralization  in  the client's model. He
asks  the client to  imagine an experi-
ence  which  contradicts the generali-
zation  she  has  in  her  model,  or  to
verify  or  deny it.
The  client  verifies it.
The  therapist   now  uses  the  same
situation  which  the  client  has  just
verified;  this  time,  however, he uses
it   with  the  referential  index  shift.
roommates
I (the  client)
I (the  client)
roommates
The   client   hesitates,   then  verifies
the   fantasized   situation.   Her  Sur-

Into the  Vortex /  153
you're  right.              face   Structure   reply   includes   the
deletion  of  a noun argument  associ-
ated   with  right,   i.e.,  you're  right
about  what?
(86)  T:     About  what?            The  therapist  asks  for  the  deleted
noun  argument.
(87)  B:     If I let them              The    client    supplies   the   missing
know  when  I  feel     piece  and  acknowledges  her  under-
pushed  around  or     standing  of  how  breaking  her  own
want something,       generalization    could    be   a   good
then maybe they     experience  for  her  and  her  room-
would be more          mates.
sensitive.
The  therapist  at  this  point  moved  into  some  non-Meta-model
techniques  to  give  Beth  a  chance  to  integrate  her  new  learnings
and  connect  her  new  representations  with  her  experience.  This
also  allowed  the  therapist  to  see  if  there  was  anything  else  that
interfered    with    Beth  s    communicating    her    needs    to    her
roommates.
In  this  chapter,  we  have  presented two transcripts which  show
therapists  using  the  Meta-model  techniques  and  only  these  tech-
niques  in  the  therapeutic  encounter.   Even  with   these  artificial
restrictions,  the  power  of  the  Meta-model  techniques  is  apparent.
The  Meta-model  provides the therapist with  a rich  set of choices at
each  point  in  the  therapeutic  exchange.  The  overall  effect  of  this
results   in   an   explicit  direction   or  strategy  for  therapy  --  the
enrichment  and  expansion  of  the  limiting  portions  of  the  client's
model. The  Meta-model  is not designed for  use  by  itself, but rather
as a tool to be integrated with  the powerful  techniques, verbal  and
non-verbal,  available from  the various forms of psychotherapy. We
turn  to  this topic  now.
FOOTNOTES  FOR CHAPTER 5
1.    This  is  the  same  point that  we  have  made  before.  Models,  including
the  Meta-models  we   present  here,  are  not  claims  about  actually  occurring
events  within  the  person,  people  and  processes  being modeled, but rather  are
explicit  representations  of  the  behavior  of  those  things  which  allows  one  to
see   the   rule-governed   nature   of  the  person,  people,  and   processes  being

154 / Into the  Vortex
modeled.   Such   models   represent   the   portions  of  the   process  which   are
systematic.  For  example,  in  the  Meta-model,  there  is  no  representation  for
the  distance  between  the  client  and  the  Tower of  London  at different  points
in  the  session  —  we  doubt that the client's behavior is systematic  in  this way.
Some  models  may  have  as  part  of  their  purpose  the  representation  of  the
inferred  internal  events  in  the  person,  people  and  processes being modeled —
these  are called simulation  models.
2.    The  word  they,  lacking  referential  indices  in  this  sentence,  may,  in
fact,   refer   back   to   the   noun   argument   women   in  the  previous  Surface
Structure.  The  noun  argument  women  itself,  however,  also  lacks a referential
index.
3.     Experienced  therapists  will  recognize  patterns  in  the  way  a  client
responds  or  fails  to  respond  to  his  or  her  context  —  in  this  case, specifically,
the  therapist.  The  client  has  failed  consistently  to  respond  to  the  therapist's
questions.  We  are  presently  at  work  on  an  explicit  model  of  therapeutic
techniques  for  challenging  these  kinds  of  patterns  —  see  The  Structure  of
Magic  II  (forthcoming).
4.    The  word  that  in  the  client's  Surface  Structure  is  missing  a referen-
tial  index  —  it  may  refer to  the first  clause  I'm a person,  too.
5.     Linguists  refer  to  the  verb  do  as  a pro-verb.  It functions for  verbs in
a  manner  parallel  to  the  word  it  for  nouns,  and   is  as  devoid  of  specific
meaning as the pronoun it.
6.    The  use of the  referential  index  shift  has  proven  in  our experience  to
be  particularly  appropriate  when  the  client  is  engaging  in  a  great  deal  of
mind-reading  —  the  appropriate  use  of these  more  advanced  techniques  based
on  the  verbal  exchange will  form  part  of the  subject  matter for  The Structure
of Magic II.

Chapter  6
ON   BECOMING   A
SORCERER'S   APPRENTICE
The  different  forms  of psychotherapy  are  all  effective  to  some
extent,  although  they  look  very  different  to  most  observers.  The
fact  that  these  seemingly  different  approaches  to  the  therapeutic
encounter  are  all  to  some  extent effective  was  a  puzzle for  some
years. During these years both practitioners and theoreticians spent
much  energy  and  creativity  arguing  the  necessary  superiority  of
one  form   of  psychotherapy   over  the   others.   In  recent  years,
fortunately,  this  kind  of  debate  has  begun  to  disappear  and  psy-
chotherapists  from  different  schools  have  begun  to  show  a  lively
interest  in  the  methods  and  techniques  of  others.  As  Haley  has
commented,  {Advanced  Techniques of Hypnosis  &  Therapy,  pp.
530-535)
In the  last  decade,  the  idea  of  exploring  new methods has
been  adopted  by  many  psychiatrists  and  has  led  to  such
innovations  as  behavior  therapy,  conditioning  treatment,
and  marital  and  family  therapy.  We  have  seen  the  passing
of  an  emphasis  upon  ritual  and  a  move  toward  judging
therapeutic  procedures  by  results  instead  of conformity  to
a  particular  school.  It  has  even  become respectable  now to
work  in  different  ways with different types  of patients  .  .  .
(Haley  quoting  Erickson  directly)  . . .  "One  of the  impor-
tant   things  to   remember   about  technique  ...   is  your
willingness  to  learn  this  technique  and  that  technique  and
then  to  recognize  that  you,  as  an  individual  personality,
are  quite  different  from  any  of  your  teachers  who  taught
you  a  particular  technique.  You  need  to  extract  from  the

156  /  The  Sorcerer's  Apprentice
various  techniques  the  particular  elements  that  allow you
to  express  yourself  as  a  personality. The next most  impor-
tant  thing  about  a  technique  is  your  awareness of the  fact
that   every   patient  who   comes   in   to  you  represents  a
different  personality,  a  different  attitude,  a different  back-
ground  of  experience.  Your  approach  to  him  must  be  in
terms   of  him   as  a  person   with   a  particular   frame  of
reference  for that day  and the  immediate situation."
People  who  come  to  us  in  therapy  typically  have  pain  in  their
lives  and  experience  little  or  no  choice  in  matters  which  they
consider  important.  All  therapies  are confronted  with  the  problem
of  responding  adequately  to  such  people.  Responding  adequately
in   this  context   means  to   us  assisting  in  changing  the  client's
experience  in  some  way  which  enriches  it.  Rarely  do  therapies
accomplish  this  by  changing  the  world.  Their  approach,  then,  is
typically  to  change  the client's experience of the world.  People  do
not  operate  directly  on  the  world,  but  operate  necessarily  on  the
world  through  their  perception  or  model  of  the world. Therapies,
then,  characteristically  operate  to  change  the client's model  of the
world  and consequently the client's behavior and  experiences.
Certain    therapists,    coming    from    dramatically    different-
appearing forms  of  psychotherapy,  have  come to  be recognized  as
particularly  effective  in  assisting  clients  in  changing  their  experi-
ences.  Their  behavior  in  psychotherapy  appears  to  be  extremely
systematic  to  us  in that they  have a  set of powerful  techniques for
directly  challenging and  expanding the client's  model  of the world.
These  techniques  have  been  widely  adopted  by  other  therapists,
but,  unfortunately,  without  the  dramatic  results  typical  of  this
first  group.  The  difference  here  seems  to  us  to  be  that  the first
group  of therapists  have very  clear intuitions about  how  to employ
these  techniques  to  challenge  and  expand  the  client's  model.  In
other  words,  these  psychotherapists  are  able  to  identify  when  the
use  of  some  particular  technique  is  appropriate.  The  use  of  these
same  techniques  by  others  often   leads  to  very  uneven  results;
sometimes  they  will  succeed  dramatically, other times  they  appear
to  miss  altogether;  at  times  the  use  of  these  techniques appears to
be appropriate, at other times not.
We  have  thus  far  in  this  book  presented  a  Meta-model for  use
by   therapists   in   their   verbal    exchanges   in   the   therapeutic
encounter.  The  Meta-model  is a  tool  that  is available to therapists
from  any  school  of  psychotherapy.  Its  practicality  is  two  fold:
first,  it  offers  explicit  direction  (i.e.,  step-by-step  and,  therefore,
learnable)  for  what  to  do  next  at  any  point  in  the  therapeutic

The  Sorcerer's  Apprentice  /  157
encounter,  and  second,  anyone  who  is a  native  speaker of English
already  has  the  intuitions  necessary  to  use the  Meta-model  and  he
only  needs to  become  conscious of  these  intuitions.
As  we  have  stated  repeatedly,  our  Meta-model  does  not,  by
any  means,  exhaust  the  choices  or possibilities of what a therapist
might  do  in  the therapeutic encounter.  Rather,  it is designed  to  be
integrated  with  the  techniques  and  methods  in  already  established
forms  of  psychotherapy.  The  integration  of  the  explicit  Meta-
model  with  the  techniques  and  methods  of  therapy  in  which  you
are  already  skilled  will  not  only  expand  the  choices you  have as a
therapist,  but  it  will  increase  the  potency  of your style  of therapy
by  making  the  interventions  you   use  directed  explicitly  at  ex-
panding  your  client's  model  of  the  world.  Thus,  the  Meta-model
gives the therapist an explicit  strategy for therapy.
We have two major goals in this final chapter:
1.   We  will  select  and  present  a  number  of  these  techniques
from  different  forms  of  psychotherapy;  in  each  case,  we
will  demonstrate  how  these  techniques implicitly  challenge
and  expand  the  client's  model.  Thus,  they  share  with  the
explicit  Meta-model  we  have  presented  here  the  goal  of
operating  directly   on  the  client's  representation   of  the
world.
2.   We   will   show  how   these   techniques  link   up  with  the
explicit  steps  in  our  Meta-model  in  a  way  which  indicates
when their  use is appropriate.
The Second  Ingredient:  Reference Structures
One  of  the  features  of  our  experience  which  made  it  possible
for  us  to  develop  an  explicit  Meta-model  for  the   language  of
therapy  was that each  of us as native  speakers  of our  language  have
consistent  intuitions  as  to  what  are  the full  linguistic  representa-
tions —  the  Deep  Structures —  of  each  sentence  or Surface Struc-
ture  we  hear.  As  therapists,  we  can  come to  know exactly what  is
missing from  the  client's  Surface  Structure  by  comparing  it to  the
Deep  Structure  from  which  we know it is derived. Thus,  by asking
for  what   is   missing,   we   begin   the   process  of   recovering  and
expanding the client's model — the  process of change.
We  will  call  the  Deep  Structure  the reference structure for the
sentence,  or  Surface  Structure,  which  we  hear from our clients.  It
is  the  reference  structure  in  the  sense  that  the  Deep  Structure  is
the  source  from  which  the  Surface  Structure  sentence  is  derived.
The  Deep  Structure  is  the  fullest  linguistic  representation  of  the
world,  but  it  is  not  the  world  itself.  The  Deep  Structure  itself  is
derived  from a fuller and  richer source. The  reference structure for

158  /  The  Sorcerer's  Apprentice
the  Deep  Structure  is  the  sum  total  of all  of the  client's  experi-
ences  of  the  world.  The  processes  which  specify  what  happens
between  the  Deep  Structure  and  the  Surface  Structure  are  the
three  universal  processes of human  modeling,  the  rules of represen-
tation  themselves:  Generalization,  Deletion, and Distortion. These
general  processes  have  specific  names  and  forms within  the  Meta-
model  which  we  have  created  with  the  concepts  and  mechanics
suggested  by the transformational  model  of language; for example,
referential  indices,  deletion  transformations  and,  semantic  well-
formedness  conditions.   These   same  three   general   processes  of
modeling   determine  the  way  that   Deep  Structures  are  derived
from   their  source  —  the  client's  experience  of  the  world.  We
suggest  that  the  same  set of specific  concepts  and  mechanisms will
continue  to  guide  us  in  recovering  the  reference  structure  for  the
Deep Structure.
1
The   Meta-model  for  therapy   that   we   have  developed  and
presented  here  is,  as  we  have stated repeatedly, a formal model.  It
is, specifically, formal  in two  senses of the word:
1.   It  is  a  model  which  is explicit —  that  is,  it  describes  what
the  structure  of  the  process  of  therapy  is  in  a step-by-step
manner.
2.   It  is  a  model  which  deals  with form, not content.  In other
words,  the  Meta-model  is  neutral  with  respect  to  the  con-
tent  of the  therapeutic  encounter.
The  first  sense  in  which  our  Meta-model  is  formal  guarantees
that  it  is  available  to  anyone willing to  learn  it — that is, since it is
an  explicit  description  of  a  process,  it  is  learnable.  The  second
sense  in  which  the  Meta-model  is  formal  guarantees  that  it  will
have  universal  applicability
2
   —  no  matter  what  the  subject  or
content  of  the  particular  therapeutic  session,  the  exchange  be-
tween  the  therapist  and  the  client  will  involve  Surface Structures;
these  Surface Structures are the  material  on  which  the  Meta-model
is designed  to operate.
Notice  that,  since  the  Meta-model  is  independent  of  content,
there  is  nothing  in  it  which  would  distinguish  the  Surface  Struc-
tures  produced  by  a  client  who  was  talking  about  his  last  trip  to
Arizona  from  the  client  who  was  talking  about  some  intensely
joyous  or  painful  experience  that  he  recently  had  with  a  close
friend.  This  is  the point at  which  the therapist's particular form  of
psychotherapy  will  indicate  the  content of the  therapeutic  session.
For  us,  for  example,  when  a  person  comes  to  us  in  therapy,  we
feel  that  they  have  come  with  some  pain,  some  dissatisfaction
about  their  present  situation,  and  we  generally  begin  by  asking
what  they  hope to gain  by coming to  us — that is, what they want.

The  Sorcerer's  Apprentice  /  159
Their  reply,  no  matter  what  it  is,  (even,  / don't know)  is  in  the
form  of  a  Surface  Structure,  and  we  move  into  the  process  of
therapy  by  then  applying  the  Meta-model  techniques.  The  initial
question  that  we  ask  is  not a question which  we  have shown to be
demanded  by  the  Meta-model.  Rather,  it  is a  question  which  we
have  developed  out  of  our  experiences  in  therapy  —  that  is,  our
experiences  in  therapy  have  led  us  to  understand  that  one  of  the
necessary  components  of  the  therapeutic  experience  is for  us  to
learn  what  it  is that  has brought the client to therapy.
The  reference  structure  for  the full  linguistic  representation  of
Deep  Structure  is  the full  range of human  experience.  As humans,
we  can  be  certain  that  each  experience  that  we  have  will  include
certain  elements or components.  For the  purpose  of understanding
these  components  of  the  reference  structure  for  Deep  Structure,
we  can  divide  them  into  two  categories:   the  sensations  which
originate  in  the  world,  and  the  contribution  which  we  make with
our  nervous  systems  to  these  sensations  as  we  receive and  process
them,  organizing  them  into  the  reference  structure  for  the  lin-
guistic  Deep  Structures  of  our  language.  The  exact  nature  of  the
sensations  which  arise  in  the  world  are  not  directly  knowable  as
we  use  our  nervous systems to  model  the world,  even  reaching out
with  our  receptor  systems,  setting  and  calibrating  them  (the  con-
cept  of  forward  feedback  —  Pribram,  1967),  in  accordance  with
the  expectations  which  we  derive  from  our  present  model  of  the
world.  The  model  which  we  create  is, of course, subject to certain
constraints  imposed  by  the  world  —  if  my  model  is  too divergent
from  the world,  it  will  not  serve  me  as  an  adequate  guide for my
behavior  in  the  world.  Again,  the  way  that  the  model  each  of  us
develops  will  differ from  the world  is in the choices (normally, not
conscious)  which  we  make  as  we  employ  the  three  principles  of
modeling.  This  makes  it  possible  for  each  of  us  to  entertain  a
different  model  of  the  world  and  yet  live  in  the  same  real  world.
Just  as  Deep  Structures  include  certain  necessary components, so,
too,  does  the  reference  structure  for  Deep  Structures.  For  ex-
ample, we  receive  sensations through  the five (minimally)  senses of
sight, hearing, touch, taste, and smell. Thus, one component of the
reference   structure  for  which   we  as  therapists   may   check   is
whether  the   Deep  Structures  include  descriptions  of  sensations
arriving  through  each  of  these  five  senses  —  that  is,  does  the full
linguistic  representation  include  descriptions  which  represent  the
client's  ability  to  see,  hear,  touch,  taste  and  smell.  If one of these
senses  is  not  represented,  then  we  may  challenge  the  representa-
tion,  requiring  the  client to  re-connect  the  Deep  Structure with  its
reference  structure  and  to  recover  the  deleted   sensations,  thus

160  /  The  Sorcerer's  Apprentice
expanding and enriching the client's model.
While  we  have  not  yet  developed  an  explicit  structure for the
range  of  human  experience,  we  have  some suggestions about what
some  of  the  necessary  components of that  reference structure will
be.  In  addition  to  the  check  for  the  five  senses,  we  have  found  it
useful  to  employ  a  set  of categories developed  by  Virginia Satir  in
her  dynamic  work  in family  systems and  communication  postures.
Satir    organizes    the    reference    structure    into    three    major
components:
1.   The context —  what  is  happening  in  the world (i.e., in the
client's  representation  of the  world);
2.   The client's feelings  about  what  is  happening  in the world
(as represented);
3.   The  client's  perceptions  of  what  others  are  feeling  about
what is happening in  the world  (as represented).
We  are  aware  that,  while  the  client's  reports  of feelings about
what  is  happening  will  occur  in  the  form  of  Surface  Structures
which  are  subject  to  the  techniques  of  the  Meta-model,  we  have
not  emphasized  this  as  a  necessary  component  of a  well-formed
Deep  Structure.  The  client's  feelings  about  what  is  happening  in
the  world   are,   however,  a   necessary   component  of  any  well-
formed  reference  structure.  In other words, therapists  may  be  sure
that  the reference structure  is incomplete, or, in the terms we  have
developed  in  this  book, not well formed,  if the client's feelings  are
not  represented  in  the  reference  structure.  This  is  equivalent  to
saying  that  human  emotions  are a  necessary component of human
experience.
The  point  of  mentioning  this  quite  obvious  fact  is  not  to
suggest  that  you,  as  a  therapist,  are  not  aware  that  people  have
feelings,  but  rather  is  the  hope  that  you will  recognize that, when
you  ask  questions like,  "How  do  you  feel  about that?"  (whatever
that  might  be)  you  are,  in  fact,  asking  your  client  for  a  fuller
representation  (than  even  Deep  Structure)  of your client's experi-
ence  of  the  world.  And  what  you  are  doing  by  asking  this partic-
ular   question   is   asking   for   what   you   know   is   a   necessary
component   of  the   client's   reference   structure.   This  particular
component  of  the  reference  structure  is  common  to  most  ther-
apies  and  is  very  useful  information  in  our  work  as  therapists.
What  is not common to  most therapies and  can  make this question
even  more  potent  is  that  the  client's  answer  will  be  a  Surface
Structure,  subject  to  the  well-formed-in-therapy  conditions.  This
allows  you  to  know  more  about  your  client's  model,  recovering
one of the  necessary components of the  reference structure,  and  at
the  same time  challenging and expanding the client's model.  When

The  Sorcerer's  Apprentice  /  161
this  common   question  is  seen  from  the  point  of  view  of  the
Meta-model,  an additional and very potent question  suggests itself.
This   new  question,  which  is  characteristic  of  Satir's  work,  is:
"How  do  you  feel  about  your  feelings  about  what  is happening?"
Consider  this  question  in  the  light  of  the  Meta-model.  This  is
essentially  a  request  on  the  part  of  the  therapist for  the  client  to
say  how  he  feels  about  his  reference  structure  —  his model  of the
world  —  focusing specifically  on  his  feelings  about  the  image that
he  has  of  himself  in  his  model.  This,  then,  is  an  explicit  way  of
directly  approaching  what  is  called  in  many  therapies  the  client's
self-esteem  — a  very  potent  area of the client's reference structure
and  one  closely  connected  with  the  possibility  of  change  for that
person.  The  following  sequence  between  a  therapist  and  a  client
shows  the  way  that  the  therapist  gets  to this aspect of the client's
reference structure:
(1)  S:  Paul  just  doesn't
care about
cleaning up the
house.
(2)   T:    How do you
know he doesn 't
care about it?
(3)    S:     He told me.
(4)   T:   He   told   you
what,
specifically?
(5)    S:     He said,  "I don't
care about
whether the
house is clean or
not."
The     client's     Surface    Structure
claims  that  the  client  has  knowl-
edge    about   the    inner   state   of
another   without   stating   how   she
gained   this   knowledge   —   mind-
reading — thus violating the seman-
tic    well-formed-in-therapy    condi-
tions.
The  therapist  chooses  to  challenge
this  semantic   violation   by   asking
the   client   to   specify   the   process
more  fully.
The  client  supplies  the  information
requested.   Her   Surface   Structure,
however,  contains  a deletion  associ-
ated  with  the  predicate  tell  —  tell
what?
The  therapist  asks  for  the  missing
material.
The client supplies the material.

162 / The Sorcerer's Apprentice
(6)    T:     How do you feel
about his  telling
you he doesn 't
care about
whether the
house is clean
or not?
(7)   S:     / feel angry — in
fact, damn mad
. . .  that's what
we  fight about all
the  time.
(8)    T:     How do you  feel
about fee/ing
angry?
(9)   S:
(10)  T:
(11)  S:
How do  I feel
about  feeling
angry?
Yes, how do you
feel about feeling
angry at Paul?
Well,  I don't feel
so good about it.
The  therapist,  using  his  knowledge
that  the  client's  reference  structure
must   include   her   feelings   about
Paul's  behavior  as  a  necessary  con-
dition   for  being  a  well-formed-in-
therapy   reference   structure,   asks
for  that  component.
The    client   supplies   her    feelings
about  Paul's behavior.  Her new  Sur-
face  Structure  includes  a  universal
quantifier   (all)   which   identifies  a
generalization   which  the  therapist
may challenge.
The  therapist  ignores  the  violation
of  the  well-formed-in-therapy  con-
dition   concerning   generalizations,
and,  instead,  chooses to  shift  levels,
asking  the  client  about  her  feelings
about  her   image  of  herself  in  her
model  of  the  world  (her  reference
structure).
The   client   appears  to  be  initially
confused   by  the  therapist's  ques-
tion   requiring   her   to  shift  levels.
This  is  a  common  reaction  to  such
level    shifts    in    our    experience;
clients,   however,  do   have  the  re-
sources  to  deal  with  this  kind  of
maneuver.
The  therapist  repeats  the  question.
The    client   supplies   her   feelings
about    her    feelings   —   her   self-
esteem.
The  therapist  begins  to  explore  the  client's  model  at  this  new
level  by  asking  her  to  specify  her  verb  more fully.  Changes at this
level  —  the  level  of self-esteem  — are extremely important, since a

The  Sorcerer's  Apprentice  /  163
person's  self-image  affects  the  way  a  person  organizes  his  entire
experience  or  reference  structure.  Therefore,  changes  at  this  level
of structure  permeate  the client's entire  model  of the world.
These  particular  categories  and  techniques  of  Satir's  offer  a
beginning  to  determine  the  set  of  the  minimum  necessary  compo-
nents  for  completeness  of  the  well-formed-in-therapy   reference
structures.   In  observing  extremely  effective  therapists,  such  as
Satir,  we  have  identified  other  types  of  categories  which  we offer
as  part  of the  set  of minimum  components which  must  be  present
for  a  reference  structure  to  be  well  formed  with  respect  to  com-
pleteness,  another  way  of checking for completeness  in  the client's
reference structures.  These include:
(a)  The  way  the  client  is  representing  his  past  experiences  in
the  present —  these are often  in  the form of rules about  his
behavior;
(b)  The  way the client  is  representing his  present experience  in
the present — that  is, what the client is aware of now;
(c)  The   way   the  client   is   representing   his   possible  future
experiences  in  the  present  —  that  is,  his  expectations  of
what he  expects the outcome of his behavior will  be.
Notice  that  the  four  initial  components   presented  by  Satir
(client's  feelings,  others'  feelings,  the  context,  client's  feelings
about  his  feelings)  will  occur as components of each  of these  three
representations  —  the  past,  the  present,  and  the future — as the
client  is  representing  them  now.  We  have  found  these  categories
very  useful  in  organizing  our  model  and  behavior  in  therapy  in
attempting  to  assist clients  in  developing complete  reference struc-
tures.  As  you  will  have  noticed  in  the  explicit  techniques  of  the
Meta-model  as  presented  in  Chapters  3,  4,  and  5,  the  Meta-model
includes  techniques  for  recovering  and  challenging  the  categories
of  the   reference  structure  outlined  here.   Rules,  based  on  the
client's experience  as  represented  in  the present, are another name
for  generalizations  based  on  the  client's  experience,  as  are  the
client's  expectations.   In   each  case,  the  client  will   present  the
material  the  therapist  requests  when  challenging and enriching the
client's  model  in  the  form  of Surface Structures which  are  subject
to  the  well-formed-in-therapy  conditions  which  the  Meta-model
specifies.  The  point  of  presenting  these  categories  is to offer  some
clear  suggestions  about  what  the  necessary  components  of a com-
plete,   well-formed   reference   structure  for  the   linguistic   Deep
Structure  might  be.  Additional  suggestions  as  to  what  the  neces-
sary  components  of a  complete  reference  structure  might  be  have
been   offered   by   various   philosophers  (any  of  the  well-known

164  /  The  Sorcerer's  Apprentice
western  philosophers who dealt explicitly with  epistomology — for
example,  in  the  empiricist tradition,  Locke,  Berkeley,  Hume,  and
in  the  idealist tradition,  Kant,  Hegel,  Vaihinger,  etc.)  and  seman-
ticists,   logicians,   linguists  (for  example,  Korzybski,  Humboldt,
Carnap, Tarski, Chomsky, Katz, etc.).
For  the  remainder  of  this  chapter  we  will  select  and  discuss a
number  of techniques from  different forms of psychotherapy.  It  is
not  our  intention  to  teach  these  techniques  here.  Rather,  in  each
case,  we will show how the technique, as presently used, implicitly
challenges  the  client's  representation  of  the  world,  and  how  each
of  these  techniques  may  be  integrated  with  the  Meta-model.  We
have  selected  these  particular  techniques  simply  because  we  are
familiar  with  them  and  know  from  our  experience  that  they  are
powerful  therapeutic  tools.  We would  also like to state that we  are
by   no   means  saying  they   are   any  more  powerful  than  other
techniques,  or  that  they  lend  themselves  more  readily  to  being
integrated  with  the  Meta-model,  but  rather  we  wish  to  provide  a
cross-section of techniques and  chose from the  ones we know.
Enactment:  The  Instant  Re-Play  of  Experience
By  enactment  we  refer  to  those  techniques  that  involve  the
client  in  dramatizing  an  actual  or  fantasized  experience.  Enact-
ment  may  involve  only  the  client  or  it  may  involve  other  partici-
pants as well.
By  taking  the  word  as  an  absolute,  never  investigating  its
personal  significance,  the  word  acquires  a  life  of  its  own.
Reifying  the  word  in  this  way  removes it from  its  practical
function  as  a  more  or  less  efficient  way  of  referring  to  a
process  which  remains  alive  and  has  continually  changing
referents.  Enactment is one way of keeping  alive the words
a  person   uses  to  characterize  himself  or  someone  else.
Keeping  his  language  connected  to  action  permits  feelings
of change and growth. . . .
(I.  and M.  Polster,  Gestalt  Therapy Integration,  p.
00)
The  solution  (to  the  question  of  what  the  set  of  necessary
components  of  a  complete  reference  structure   is)   is  complex.
Fortunately  for  psychotherapy,  this  solution  is  not  required  for
therapy  to  proceed.  One  way of avoiding this difficulty  and  at  the
same  time  gaining  access  to  something  closer  to  the  client's refer-
ence  structure  is  to  have  the  client  present  the  experiences  from
which  the full  linguistic  representation  was derived.
3
  For example,
the  client  has difficulty  expressing  anger  toward  her  husband.  We

The  Sorcerer's  Apprentice  /  165
know  this  as she  began  by  presenting a series of Surface Structures
which  we  then  subjected  to the well-formed-in-therapy conditions,
finally  arriving  at  the  full  linguistic  representation.  At  this  point,
in  order to determine  what the  reference structure from  which  this
full  linguistic  representation  was  derived  is,  we  may  ask the client
to  enact  a  specific  occasion  on  which  she  was  unable  to  express
her  anger  at  her  husband.  In  addition  to  re-connecting the client's
Deep  Structures  with  a  fuller  approximation  to  their  reference
structures,  the  techniques  of  enactment  typically  accomplish  two
other things:
1.   The client,  in  re-creating  his experience,  becomes aware of
parts  of  the  reference  structure  or  experience  which  had
no representation  in the  Deep Structure;
2.    Enactment  gives   the  therapist  access  to  two  important
things:
(a)  A  close  approximation  to  the  reference structure  itself
— the client's experience — and, therefore, provides the
therapist  with  a  wealth  of  accurate  material  to  use  in
the  therapeutic  encounter;
(b)  The  opportunity  to  see an  example of modeling by  the
client  directly.  In other  words, through  enactment, the
therapist  has  available  an  approximate  reference struc-
ture.  By  comparing  it  with  the  client's  verbal  descrip-
tion  of  that  experience,  the  therapist  has  an  example
of  the  generalizations,  deletions and  distortions typical
of the  client.
A  number  of  things  occur  when  the  client  enacts  his  experi-
ence.   First,  the  client's  present  experience  itself  comes  to  chal-
lenge  and  expand  his  model  of the  world,  as  he  experiences  it  in
his  enactment  possibilities  which  had  been  previously deleted, and
some  of  the  missing  portions  of  the  representation  are  recovered.
Secondly,  the  portions of the client's  model  which  were  vague  and
unfocused  are clarified, as the enactment is a specific experience —
equivalent  to  the  supplying  of  referential  indices  by  the  client,  in
this  case  experientially  rather than  linguistically.  The enactment  is
essentially  a dramatization  of what the client  has represented  as an
event  —  the  enactment  itself  denominalizes  the  representation;
that  is,  it  transforms  the  event  back  into  a  process,  and,  in  this
process,  presents  a  much  more fully specified  image of the  process
(equivalent  to  more  fully  specifying  the  verb  in  Meta-model  tech-
niques).  These  four  aspects  of a  typical  enactment taken  together
result  in  an experience which  lies  in  part outside  the  boundaries of
the  client's  initial  linguistic  representation.  Since  the  enactment
technique  implicitly  challenges  the  client's  model  by  these  four

166/  The  Sorcerer's  Apprentice
aspects,  if  the  enactment  technique  is  integrated  with  the  Meta-
model  techniques  the  result  is  that  the enactment technique  itself
becomes  more  powerful  and  direct  by  explicitly  challenging  the
client's linguistic  representation.
In  any  therapeutic  situation  in  which  the  technique  of  enact-
ment  is fully  integrated  with  the  Meta-model, the therapist  has an
extremely   rich  set  of  choices.  Common  to  all  of  these  is  the
suggestion  that  the  therapist  have  the  client  describe  his  ongoing
experience  during  the dramatization.  This ongoing description,  as
well  as  any  other  verbal  communications  by  the  client  to  other
participants  in  the  enactment,  will,  of  course,   be  a  series  of
Surface  Structures.  The therapist subjects  these  Surface Structures
to   the   well-formed-in-therapy   conditions   by   using  Meta-model
questioning.  This  insures  that  the  material  which  the  enactment
technique  makes  available  implicitly  is  recovered  in  a  completely
explicit  manner.  The  enactment  technique  is  designed  to  make
available  a  close  approximation  to  the  reference  structure  from
which  the  impoverished  portion  of  the  client's linguistic  represen-
tation  was  derived.  The  richer  approximation  to  reference  struc-
ture  provided  by  enactment  includes  both  verbal  and  analogical
forms  of  communication.   In  addition  to  subjecting  the  client's
reports  of  the  ongoing  experience,  and   his  communications  to
other  participants,  to  the  well-formed-in-therapy  conditions,  the
therapist  has  available  this fuller  representation  —  the  enactment
experience  itself  which  the  therapist  may  use  as  an  approximate
reference  structure  to  compare  directly  with  the  client's  verbal
description.
The  therapist  may  wish  to  use  some  of  the  necessary  compo-
nents  of a  complete  reference  structure  suggested  previously.  The
therapist  may, for example,  insure by questioning that the client is
representing  his feelings about  the enactment experience explicitly
by  asking directly for those feelings. Or, for example, the therapist
may  pay  particularly  close  attention  to  whether  the  client explic-
itly  represents  sensations  gained  through  each  of the five  senses —
that  is,  the  therapist  may  check  to  see  whether the client looks at
and   sees  clearly   the   actions   of  the   other   participants   in  the
dramatization,  or  the  therapist  may  check  to   see  whether  the
client  listens  and  hears  clearly  the  things  said  by  himself  and  by
the other participants in  the dramatization.
Guided  Fantasy — A Journey into the Unknown
By guided fantasy  we  refer  to  the  process  in  which  clients  use
their imagination  to  create a  new experience for themselves.
Fantasy  is  an  expansive  force in  a person's  life — it reaches

The  Sorcerer's  Apprentice  /  167
and  stretches  beyond  the  immediate  people  environment
or  event  which may otherwise contain him..  .  . Sometimes
these  extensions  (fantasy)  can  gather  such  great  force  and
poignancy  that  they  achieve  a  presence  which  is  more
compelling  than  some  real-life  situations.  . . .  When  these
fantasies  can  emerge  in  the  therapy  experience,  the  re-
newal  of  energy  may  be  vast,  sometimes  bordering  on the
unassimilable  and  often  marking  a  new  course  in  the indi-
vidual's sense of self.
(Polster  &   Polster,   Gestalt  Therapy  Integrated,
1973, p. 255.)
The  purpose  of  guided  fantasy  is  to  create  an  experience  for
the  client  which,  at  least in  part  if not in  its entirety,  has not  been
previously  represented  in  his  model.  Thus,  guided  fantasies  are
most  appropriately   used  when  the  client's  representation  is  too
impoverished  to  offer an  adequate  number  of choices for coping  in
this  area.  Most  typically,  these  are  cases  where  the  client is either
in  a  situation  or  feels  that  he  will  be  in  a situation  in  which  he
hasn't  sufficient  representation  in  his  model  to  respond  in  a  way
that  he  thinks  is  adequate.  Often,  the  client  experiences  a  great
deal  of  uncertainty  and  fear  about  the  resolution  of  these  situa-
tions.   For  example,  a  client  feels  blocked  from  expressing  his
feelings  of  softness  and  tenderness  toward  his  son.  He  has  never
expressed  these  feelings  and  is  very  apprehensive  about  what will
happen  if  he  does,  although  he  has  no  clear  idea  of  what  that
happening  might  be.  Here,  we  may  choose to  use a guided fantasy
technique  —  having  the  client  create  by  fantasy  the  experience
which  he  both  wants  and  fears.  This  experience  will  serve  as  a
reference  structure for  the  client,  assisting  him  in  overcoming  his
fear  and  ultimately  giving  him  more  choice  in  this  area of his life.
Guided  fantasy,  then,  serves as a tool for  the therapist  in  accom-
plishing two things:
1.   It  provides  the  client  with  an  experience which  is the  basis
for  a  representation  in  his  model  where  previously  there
had  been  either  no  representation  or  inadequate  represen-
tation.  This  provides  him  with  a  guide for future  behavior
and coping in this area;
2.   It  provides  the  therapist  with  an  experience  which  the
therapist  can  use  to  challenge  the client's presently  impov-
erished model.
In  addition  to  these  gains for both  the therapist  and the client,
a  guided  fantasy  is  an opportunity for the  therapist to  observe  the
client  creating  not only a  new  experience but  also a representation

168  /  The  Sorcerer's  Apprentice
of that  experience.  Here,  the  therapist  sees  in  the  creation  of this
new  fantasy  experience  the  universal  modeling  processes of Gener-
alization,  Deletion  and  Distortion  as  they  are  typically  employed
by  the  client. The employment of the guided  fantasy  experience  is
parallel   to  the  Meta-model   technique  of  recovery  of  large-scale
deletions  under  the  category  of  modal  operators.  This  technique
differs  from  the  process  of  enactment  in  that  enactment  recovers
and   brings  into  the  present  experience  of  the  client  something
quite  close  to  a  reference  structure  from  the  client's past,  while
guided  fantasy  creates  a  reference  structure  for  the  client  in  the
present.
Since  guided  fantasy  is  the  creation  of a  reference  structure,
tne  therapist   may  wish  to   use  the   necessary  components  of  a
complete  reference  structure  suggested  previously  in  guiding  the
client's  fantasy.  Specifically,  for  example,  the  therapist  may,  by
questioning,  direct  the  client  to  report  on  his  feelings at different
points  in  the  fantasy,  or  direct  the  client's  attention  to  one  or
more  of  the  five  senses  to  insure  a  complete  reference  structure
emerges in  the client's fantasy.
We  have found,  in  our  experience,  that guided  fantasies often
take  the  form  of a  metaphor  rather than  a direct  representation  of
the  "problem" that  the client first identifies.  For example, a client
comes  to  a  therapy  session  complaining that  she  is  unable  to  get
angry  at  someone  with  whom  she  works.  Using  the  Meta-model
techniques,  we  discover  that  the client  also feels unable  to  express
anger  at  her  father  and  husband,  and,  in  fact,  she  is  unable  to
identify  anyone  at  whom  she  feels  she  could  express anger. There
are  a  number  of  techniques  available  in  the  Meta-model  to  chal-
lenge  this  generalization;  however,  guided  fantasy  is  particularly
appropriate  for  situations  in  which  the  client   has  little  or  no
representations  in  his  model  for  such  experiences.  If,  through  the
technique  of  guided  fantasy,  the  client  succeeds  in  expressing
anger  at  someone  in  his fantasy  (it doesn't matter whom), then  he
will  have  created  a  new  reference  structure  which  contradicts  the
generalization  in  his  model. Often, once the client  has successfully
generated  reference  structures  which  contradict  the generalization
in  his  model,  the  generalization  disappears,  and  the problems that
were a result of the generalization  also  disappear or  are  reduced.
For  example,  once  a  young  woman  came  into  a  seminar  in
which  Meta-model  techniques  were  being taught.  Before the semi-
nar  began,   she   burst  out  into  a  frantic  episode  in  which   she
claimed  she  was  terrified  that  she  was  going  crazy.  Using  Meta-
model  techniques,  the  teacher  was  able  to  determine  that  she felt
she  was  losing  control  and  did  not  know  what  was  happening  to

The  Sorcerer's  Apprentice  /  169
her;  her  life  was  in  turmoil,  her  future  a  frightening  and  dismal
unknown.  The  teacher  of the  seminar  asked  her  to  close  her  eyes
and   tell   him   what   she  saw.   After  some  initial  difficulty,  she
proceeded  to  describe  herself  as  standing  on  the  edge  of a  large
crevasse  which  was  steep  and  foreboding.  The  teacher  told  her to
slowly   proceed  into  the   crevasse  and  explore  it,  asking  her  to
continually  report  on  what  she  experienced, giving details of sight,
hearing, feeling,  smelling,  and  constantly  reassuring  her  she  could
proceed  through  each  obstacle.  She  finally  proceeded  down  and
back  up,  remarking,  when  she  arrived  at  the top again, that it  was
still  a  gloomy  day  but  that  somehow  she  felt  better.  When  she
opened  her  eyes,  her  fear  was  gone  and  she  felt  that  she  could
survive  all  that  faced  her.  This  experience offered  a  new reference
structure  in which this young woman  was able to face an unknown
experience;  this  new  reference  structure  also  expanded  her  model
in  such  a  way  that  it  allowed  her  to  believe  that  somehow  she
would  survive  whatever  was happening to  her  in  her life.
By  the  solution  or  resolution  of  a  "problem"  by  metaphor in
guided  fantasy,  we  refer  to  a  situation  in  which  the  client  uses
guided  fantasy  to create a  new  reference structure or experience  in
which  he  achieves that  which  was formerly not possible.  Once the
new  situation  —  the  one  created  in  the fantasy  —  is  successfully
resolved,  the  "problem"  which  the  client  originally   had  either
disappears  or  at  least  becomes  less formidable,  and, typically, the
client  feels  able  to  cope  with  it.  The  created  "problem"  and  the
original  "problem"  must  share  a  similarity  of  structure  —  they
must   both   be  "problems"   relating  to  the  same  impoverishing
generalization  in the client's model  of the world.
4
Once  a  therapist  has  succeeded  in  developing a guided fantasy
with  his  client,  this  fantasy,  itself,  is  an  experience  available for
the enactment  process.
Therapeutic  Double  Binds
By  therapeutic  double  binds  we  mean  situations,  imposed
upon  the  client  by  the  therapist,  in  which  any  response  by  the
client  will  be  an  experience,  or  reference  structure,  which  lies
outside  the  client's  model  of the  world.  Thus,  therapeutic double
binds  implicitly  challenge  the  client's  model  by  forcing  him  into
an  experience  which  contradicts  the  impoverishing  limitations  of
his  model.  This  experience  then  comes  to  serve  as  a  reference
structure  which  expands  the  client's  model  of  the  world.  In  the
Meta-model,  when  the  therapist  uncovers  an  impoverishing  gener-
alization  in  the  client's  model,  particularly  one  which  involves  a
Cause-Effect, semantically  ill-formed violation and/or a modal oper-

170  /  The  Sorcerer's  Apprentice
ator,  the  therapist  may  challenge  this  generalization  by  asking the
client  whether this generalization  is  necessarily  or always true  (see,
Techniques  for  Challenging  Generalizations,  Chapter  4),  to  iden-
tify  and  dramatize an experience  which  contradicts this generaliza-
tion  (enactment),  or,  in  a  case  in  which  the  client  does  not  have
such  an  experience  available,  the  therapist  may  ask  the  client  to
create  an  experience  which  contradicts  his generalization  (through
the  technique  of  guided  fantasy).  If  these  three  techniques fail  to
produce  the  contradictory  experience,  or  if  the  therapist  is  so
inclined,  he  may choose to create a double-bind situation  in which
the  client's response  is an  experience which contradicts the client's
impoverishing generalization.
During  one  therapeutic  session,  in  the  course  of  using  Meta-
model  techniques  with  a  group,  the  therapist  assisted  the client in
arriving  at the generalization  which  was true in  her model; namely,
"I  can't  say  NO to anyone  because  I  can't hurt anyone's feelings."
In  this  particular  case,  the  therapist  chose  to  use  the  Meta-mode!
technique  of  asking  what,  specifically,  would  happen  if  the client
were  to  say  NO  to  someone.  Her  reply  was  that  they  would  be
badly   hurt,  that   they  might  even  die.  Noticing  the  lack  of  a
referential   index   of  the   noun  argument  anyone,   the  therapist
decided  to  ask who, specifically, might be hurt and die. The client,
now  greatly  agitated,  recounted  a  traumatic  experience  from  her
childhood  when  she  had  said  NO  to  her father's request to  stay  at
home  with  him.  Upon returning home later that  same evening, the
client  discovered   her  father   had  died,  and  she  had  taken  the
responsibility  for  his  death,  attributing it to  her  having  said NO to
him.
The  therapist  now  moved  into an enactment technique, asking
the  client  to  recreate  the situation  described  with  her father.  Even
after  the  enactment technique  showed  that  the original  experience
from  which  the  client  had   made  the  generalization  was  one  in
which  she  had  had  no  choice  about  whether  she  would  stay  with
her  father  or  not,  she  adamantly  refused  to give  up  her generaliza-
tion.  Here,  although  the  enactment  technique  proved  useful  in
recovering  the  traumatic   experience,   providing   material  which
challenged  certain  other  generalizations  in  the  client's  model,  it
did  not,  in  itself,  contradict  the  client's  generalization  about  the
consequences  of saying  NO to someone.  In this case,  note that the
recovery  and  enactment  of the original  experience from  which  the
client  made  a  generalization  did  not contradict the generalization;
it  simply  identified  the  source  of  the  generalization.  Thus,  after
the  enactment,  the  client's  model  was  still  impoverished  in  this
area —  she still  could  not  imagine  saying NO  to someone without

The  Sorcerer's  Apprentice  I  Ml
there  being  unacceptable  consequences.  The  therapist  in  this  case
next  chose  to  use  a  therapeutic  double-bind  technique.  What  the
therapist  did  was  to  tell  the  client  to  go  around  the  room  to  each
of  the  people  in  the  group  and  say  NO  about  something  to  each.
The  client  reacted  strongly,  refusing  to  perform  the  task,  making
further statements such as
NO! It's impossible for me to say NO to people!
You  can't expect me  to  do it just because you ask me to.
The  client  continued  in  this  way  for  several  minutes,  refusing  to
carry  out  the  task  set for  her  by  the  therapist,  until  the therapist
pointed  out  that  she  had,  in  fact,  been  saying NO to the therapist
during  this time!  The  therapist  then  pointed  out  that  he  had  not
been  hurt  and  certainly  had  not  died,  contrary  to  her  generaliza-
tion.  This  experience  was  so  powerful  for  the  client that  she  was
immediately  able  to  move  around  the  room  and  say  NO  to  the
other  members of the group.
Consider  the  position  in  which  the  therapist  placed  the  client
by demanding that  she  say NO to the  members of the group:
1.   The client  had  stated  her generalization
/ can't say NO to anyone. . . .
2.   The  therapist  structured  a  therapeutic  double  bind  with
the demand that the patient
Say NO to each of the people in this group.
3.   Notice the  choices available to the client;  she  may
(a)  Say NO  to  each  member of the group,
or
(b)  Say NO to the therapist.
4.   Whichever choice the client  makes,  she generates an experi-
ence   which  contradicts  her  original  generalization.  This
experience   serves  the  client  as  a  reference  structure  to
guide  her in  representing  her world  in  richer terms.
The therapist  makes the contradictory  nature of the  new  exper-
ience  explicit  by  pointing  out  (using  the  Meta-model  technique)
that  the  Cause-Effect  relationship which  the client's generalization
claimed  was  necessarily  true  failed  to  be  true  in  this  experience.
One  of  the  ways  in  which  we  have  found  therapeutic  double
binds  particularly  useful  is  in  the  area  referred  to  by  many  thera-
pies  as  homework.  By  homework  we  mean  contracts  which  we
make  with  the  clients  in  which  they  agree  to  perform  certain
actions  between  therapeutic  sessions.  In  the  area  of  therapeutic
double  binds  in homework, a client in a therapy  session  uncovered
the generalization that
/ can't try anything new because I might fail.
When  the  therapist,  using  Meta-model  techniques,  asked  what

172  /  The  Sorcerer's  Apprentice
would  happen  if  she  did  try something  new and failed,  she replied
that  she  wasn't  sure,  but  that  it would  be very  bad.  She expressed
a  great  deal  of  fear  of  the  consequences  of  failing  at  something
new  and  again  stated  that  it  was  impossible,  therefore,  for  her  to
try  something  new.  At  this  point,  the  therapist decided  to  impose
a  therapeutic  double  bind  and  use  the  time  between  sessions for
carrying  out  this  bind.  He  made  a  contract  with  her  that  she
would,  each  day  between  this  session  and  the next, try something
new  and  fail  at  it.  Again,  notice  the  structure  of  the  situation
created  by  this demand  by the  therapist  of the client:
1.   The client  has the generalization  in  her model
/ can't fail at anything new;
2.   The therapist structures a double bind with  the contract
Each day,  between this session and the next, you will
try something new and fail at it;
3.   Notice the choices available to  the client:
(a)  She  can  try  something  new  each  day  between  this
session  and  the  next  and  fail  at  it,  thus fulfilling  the
contract,
or
(b)  She   can   fail   to   fulfill   the   contract,   itself  a   new
experience;
4.   Whichever  situation  occurs,  the client  will  have  an  experi-
ence which will contradict  her generalization  and give  her a
reference  structure   which   increases   the  amount  of  her
choices available  in  the  world  as represented  in  her model.
We  are  not  suggesting  that  double  binds  constitute  the  only
kind  of  homework,  but  rather  that  homework  can  consist  of  a
double  bind,  and,  further,  that  generalizations  can  be  challenged
by  experiences  extending  after  the  interview  or  session  itself.  It  is
necessary  only  that  these  experiences  create  some  new  reference
structure   that   contradicts   the   impoverishing   portions   of   the
client's model.
We   would   also   like   to  state  at  this  point  that  homework
assignments  also  are  useful  for  giving clients a direct  chance  to try
out  any  new  dimensions  created  in  their  models  in the  course of a
therapeutic session.
Other  Maps for the  Same Territory
Human  beings  represent  their  experiences  with  systems  other
than  language.  The  most  basic  distinction  which  has  been  offered
as  a  way  to  understand  the  different  maps  that  we,  as  humans,
develop  to guide  ourselves  in  the  world  is  the one  between digital
and   analogical   representational   systems   (see   Bateson,   1973;

The  Sorcerer's  Apprentice  /  173
Wilden,  1973,  for  example).  The  best  known  digital  representa-
tional  system  is  the  one  which  is  the  focus of our  Meta-model  —
the  natural   language   system.  The  most  commonly  referred  to
example  of  an  analogical  representational  system  is  body  expres-
sion.  There  are  a  number  of  therapies  which  deal  primarily  with
these  body  or  analogical  representational  systems.  For  example,
therapies   such   as   Rolfing,   Bio-energetics,   etc.   challenge   and
expand  the  client's  model  by  operating  directly  upon  the  client's
analogical  representation  of the world  of  his experience.  One point
at  which  these  two  types  of  representational  systems  come  to-
gether  is  in  the  use  of  voice  quality  —  an  analogical  system  —
which  is  used  to  carry  and  express  the  primary  digital  system,
natural  language.  One frequently cited  example of a mixed  system
is  that  of  dreams,  wherein  both  digital  and  analogical  representa-
tions are present.
For  the  purpose  of therapy,  it  is  essential  for  the  therapist to
understand  that the full  linguistic  representation — the  set of  Deep
Structures  —  is,  itself,  a  derived  model  or  representation  of  the
world.  Beyond  the  full  linguistic  representation  is  what  we  have
referred  to  as  the  reference  structure  — that  person's  most  com-
plete  representational  system,  the  stored  experiences  that  consti-
tute  that  person's  life  history.  This  most  complete  model  —  the
person's  life  experiences  —  is  the  reference  structure  not only for
the  set  of  Deep  Structures  which   are  the  basis  of  the  primary
digital   representational   system,  but   also  for  those  experiences
which   serve  as  the   reference   structures  for  the  other  human
representational systems, analogical as well as digital.
One  of the  most  powerful  skills  which  we exercise as commu-
nicators and  therapists  is our ability  to  represent  and  communicate
our  experiences  in  any  of  the  representational  systems  which  we
have  available  as  humans.   Further,  experienced  therapists  will
recognize  the  power of assisting clients  in  shifting their  representa-
tional  systems.  For  example,  a  client  states  that  she  has a  severe
headache.  This  is  equivalent  to the client's informing the therapist
that  she  has  represented  some  specific  experience  kinesthetically
in  a  way  which  is  causing  her  pain.  One  very  powerful  choice
which   the   therapist   has   is   to   have   her  shift   representational
systems.  Specifically,  assuming  that the therapist  has already  iden-
tified  that the client  has a highly  developed  ability  to  represent  her
experiences  visually,  the  therapist  tells  the  client to  close  her  eyes
and   describe  the  specifics  of  the  headache,  at  the  same  time
forming  a  clearly  focused  image  of  the  headache.  There  are varia-
tions  of  this  which  the  therapist  may  employ  to  assist the  client  in
achieving  a  visual  representation.  For  example,  he  may  have  the

174  /  The  Sorcerer's  Apprentice
client  breathe  deeply  and,  once  a  rhythm  of  breathing  has  been
established,  have  the  client  exhale  the  headache forcefully  onto a
chair  in front of her, creating a visual  image there.  The outcome of
this  shift   of  representational   system   is   assisting   the  client  in
representing  her  experience  in  a  representational  system  in  which
she  will  not  cause  herself  pain.  The  power  of  the  technique  of
shifting  the  client's  experiences  from  one  representational  system
to  another  can  hardly  be  overestimated.   In  Volume  II  of  The
Structure of Magic, we present an explicit model for the identifica-
tion   and   utilization   of  the  client's  most  frequently  employed
representational system.
Congruity
Different  portions  of  a  person's  reference  structure  can  be
expressed  by  different  representational  systems.  These  may  occur
simultaneously.  There  are  two  logical  possibilities  when  two  dis-
tinct  representational  systems  are  expressing  different  portions of
the  person's  reference structure simultaneously.
First,  the  portion  of  the  person's  reference  structure  which
one  representational  system  is  expressing fits  with  the  portion  of
the  person's  reference  structure  which  the  other  representational
system  is  expressing.  We  refer  to  this  situation  as  a  consistent
double  message,  or  congruity  or congruent communication  by  the
person involved.
Secondly,  the  portion  of  the  reference  structure  which  one
representational  system  is  expressing  does not fit with  the portion
of  the  reference  structure  which  the other  representational  system
is  expressing.  We  refer  to  this situation  as  an  inconsistent double
message,    incongruity    or    incongruent    communication.    For
example, if, in a therapeutic session, the client is sitting calmly in a
chair and speaking with a quiet, controlled voice, and states
/ am really  furious  —  God damn it,  I'm not going to stand
for this.
we  have  a  classic  example  of  an  inconsistent  double  message  or
incongruent communication.  The  digital  system  (language)  and  an
analogical  system  (body  and  voice quality)  do not match.
One   of  the   most   impoverishing  situations   which   we   have
encountered  in therapy  is the situation  wherein a person  maintains
contradictory  portions  of  his  reference  structure.  Typically,  these
contradictory  portions  have  the  form  of  two contradictory  gener-
alizations  which  apply  to  the  same  area  of  behavior.  Most  fre-
quently,   the   person   whose   reference  structure   includes   these
inconsistent  generalizations  has  the  experience  of  being  immobi-
lized,  being  profoundly  confused,  or  oscillating  between  two  in-

The  Sorcerer's  Apprentice  /  175
consistent  forms  of  behavior.   This   can   be   recognized  by  the
therapist   when  he  sees  an  incongruent  or  inconsistent  double-
message communication.
Notice  that,  in  each  of  the  techniques  which  we  have  pre-
sented   in   this   chapter  thus  far,   the  overall   strategy  that  the
therapist  has  adopted  is  that  specified  explicitly  by  the  Meta-
model,  to  challenge  and  expand  the  impoverished  portions  of the
client's  model.  Characteristically,  this  takes  the  form  of  either
recovering  (enactment)  or  creating  (guided  fantasy)  therapeutic
double  binds,  a  reference  structure  which  contradicts  and,  there-
fore,  challenges  the  limiting  generalizations  in  the  client's  model.
In  this  case,  the incongruent communication  is, itself, an  indicator
of  the  two  portions  of  a  person's  inconsistent  reference structure,
two  generalizations  which  can  serve  as  contradictory  reference
structures for  each  other.  The  therapist's  strategy  here  is  to  bring
the  two  contradictory  generalizations  into  contact.  This  can  be
most  directly  accomplished  by  bringing  these  generalizations  into
the  same representational system.
For example,  during a  therapeutic  session,  the  therapist  using
Meta-model  techniques  assists  a client  in  identifying a generaliza-
tion in  his model:
/ should always appreciate my mother for all the things she
did for me.
Notice  that  from  the  Meta-model  techniques  alone  this  Surface
Structure  presents  the  therapist  with  a  number  of  choices  (the
modal  operator  should;  the  universal  quantifiers  always,  all;  the
lack of a referential  index on the  noun  argument things).  However,
when  the  client  was  uttering  this  Surface  Structure,  the  therapist
observed  that   he   had   clenched   his  right  fist  and   was  gently
pounding  the  arm  of  the  chair  in  which  he  was  sitting.  This
identifies  an  incongruent  message.  Ignoring for  the time being the
violations  of  the  well-formed-in-therapy  conditions  in  the  client's
Surface  Structure,  the  therapist  chooses  to  bring  the  incongruent
pieces  of  the   client's   behavior   into   the  same  representational
system.  He  does  this  by  asking  the client to express the analogical
portion  of  the  incongruent  communication  in  the  digital  system.
The client eventually  responds with  the  Surface Structure:
/ should always appreciate my mother for what she did for
me,  but she always sided with my father,  and that pissed
me off.
Using  Meta-model  techniques,  these  two  contradictory  generaliza-
tions  were  kept  in  contact  in  the  same  representational  system
until  the generalizations were challenged  and the client arrived at a
new  model with  more richness and detail — that he appreciated  his

176  /  The  Sorcerer's  Apprentice
mother for some actions and  resented  her for other actions.
One  indication  that  the  client's  model   is  enriched   is  when
there   is  congruent  communication  where  there  had  previously
been  incongruent  communication.  This  alignment  of  the  person's
separate  representational  systems  which  previously  had  been  in-
congruent  is  a  powerful  experience  for  a  client,
5
  and  is  usually
extremely  noticeable  to  experienced  therapists.
Family  Therapy
By  family therapy  we  refer to  those  therapies that conduct the
therapeutic  encounter  with  an  entire  family  instead  of  an  identi-
fied  patient or client.
All  the  above  approaches  are  predicated  on  the  necessity
for   viewing   the   symptoms  of  the  identified  patient  or
patients  within  the  total  family  interaction,  with  the  ex-
plicit  theoretical  belief that there is a relationship  between
the  symptom  of  the  identified  patient  and the total  family
interaction.  The  extent  to  which  the  therapist  "believes"
in  family  therapy  will  determine  his  emphasis  on  tech-
niques that convey this  orientation to the patient.
(Therapy, Comm. & Change, p. 250)
The  forms  of  family  therapy  with   which  we  are  most  familiar
make  extensive  use  of  the  concept  of  congruity  (Satir,  Bateson,
etc.).  Here,  congruent  communication  can  be  a  useful  tool  for
looking  at  individual  members  of  the  family  or  at  the  family  as a
unit.  In  fact, frequently  recurring patterns of incongruent commu-
nication  are  claimed  to  be  a  major  source  of  schizophrenia  (see
Jackson, 1967).
So  far,  we  have  focused  exclusively  on  the  Meta-model  for
therapy  as  a  way  to  dictate  an  explicit  strategy  for  individual
therapy.  We  would  now  like  briefly  to  raise  the  question  of  the
relationship  between  our  Meta-model  and  family  therapy.  Simply
put,  the  overall  strategy  of the  Meta-model  is to identify,  challenge
and  expand  the  impoverished  and  limiting  portions  of  the  indi-
vidual's  model  of  the  world.   One  of  the  best  indicators  of  an
impoverished  or limited  portion  of a  person's  model  is  an  area of
experience  in  which  the  person  has  pain  or  dissatisfaction.  Simi-
larly,  in  families,  pain  serves  as a  clear  indication of impoverished
and  limited  models  of  experience.  In  the  context  of family  ther-
apy,  the  same formal  Meta-model  principles apply.  There  is,  how-
ever,  at  least  one  serious  complication:  a  family  system  is  more
than  a  collection  of  the  models  of  the  individual  members of that
family.  Specifically,  in  addition  to  the  model  of  the  world  which

The  Sorcerer's  Apprentice  j  177
each  member has, the family  has a shared  model  of themselves as a
family  and  the  way  that  they  interact.  Within  their  model,  each
family  member  has a model  of the shared  model  of themselves as a
part  of  the family unit.  To get  some  idea of how complicated  even
a three-person family  is, consider the following:
Suppose  that  we  designate  the  family  members  by  the
letters  a,  b,  and  c.   In  this  family  system,  there  are  the
following  perceptions or  models (minimally):
a's  model  of himself;
b's  model  of herself;
c's  model  of  himself;
a's  model  of himself and  b together;
a's  model  of himself and  c together;
a's model of b  and c together;
a's  model of himself with  b  and  c together,
b's  model  of herself and  a together;
b's  model  of herself and  c together;
b's model of a and  c together;
b's model  of herself with  a and c together,
c's  model  of himself and  a together;
c's  model  of himself and  b  together;
c's  model  of a and  b together;
c's model  of himself with  a  and  b together.
Issues  of therapeutic  strategy  —  whose  model  is  it  most useful
to  challenge  and  expand  initially  and  how  much,  the  degree  of
congruity  of  the  models  of  the  family  system  which  each  family
member  assumes  he  or  she  shares  with  the  other  family  members
—  are  all  complications  which  do  not  arise  in  the  context  of
individual  therapy.  We  are  presently  working  on  an  explicit,  ex-
panded  Meta-model  for  family  systems  which  takes  these  compli-
cations into consideration.
SUMMARY
In  this  chapter,  we  have  presented  a  number  of  techniques
from  different,  established forms of psychotherapy.  Human  beings
have  a  number  of  representational  systems,  one  of  which  is  lan-
guage.  Each  of  these  systems  is  derived  from  the  sum total  of the
experiences  which  the  individual  has  had  —  the  reference  struc-
ture.  By  recovering old, or creating new, reference structures, each
of   these   techniques  constitutes  an   implicit   challenge  to,  and,
therefore,  an  expansion  and  enrichment  of,  the  client's  model  of
the  world.  Furthermore,  we  have  indicated  how  each  of  these

178  /  The  Sorcerer's  Apprentice
tools  may  be  integrated  with  the  Meta-model  techniques,  resulting
in  an  explicit  strategy  for  therapy.  One  of  our  purposes  has  been
to  show  how  integration  with  the  Meta-model  techniques  of  the
specific  techniques  of  these  different  psychotherapies  makes  them
more  direct  and,  thus,  more  powerful.  We  invite  you  to  imagine
how  the  Meta-model  tools could  help you  to  improve,  enlarge, and
enrich  the  skills  that  you  offer  as  a  people-helper,  thus  beginning
or assisting you  on the  road  as a sorcerer's apprentice.
FOOTNOTES  FOR  CHAPTER  6
1.   We  intend  to  present a  more complete and refined representation of
reference  structures  and  the  specific  mechanisms  which  map  them  into  the
various  representational  systems which  humans  use (e.g., the  Deep Structures
of  language)  in  The Structure  of Magic  II.
2.    The  Meta-model  we  present  is  universal  for  therapy  conducted  in
English.  We  are  convinced  that  it  can  be easily adapted  to other  languages, as
they  are  constructed  on  the  same formal  principles.
3.    The  enactment  technique  necessarily  yields  a  representation  closer
to  the  reference  source  —  the  original  experiences  —  than  does  the linguistic
representation   alone,   as  enactment   involves  linguistic  representation   plus
other  representational   systems  (e.g.,  the  semantic/physical  representational
system).  Here,  the  skill  of  the  therapist  in  assisting the client  in  recalling and
enacting the original  experience  is  very  important.
4.     M.   Erickson   presents  a  clear  case  of  this  principle  of  solution  by
metaphor  in  Advanced  Techniques  of Hypnosis  and  Therapy  (pp.  299-311).
5.     This  experience  of  alignment  or  congruity  is  part  of the  basis of the
safeguard  for  the  integrity  of  the  client.  As  mentioned  in  Chapter  3,  if  the
client  deletes  a  portion  of  his  Surface  Structure  or fails  to  assign  a referential
index  to   some  element  in  his  Surface  Structure,  the  therapist  has  several
choices.  The  therapist  may  have  a  strong  intuition  as  to  what  the  deleted
portion   of   the  Surface  Structure   is  or  what  the  identity  of  the   missing
referential  index  is.  The  therapist  may  choose  to  act  on  this  intuition  rather
than  to  ask  the  client  for  the  missing  information.  The  safeguard  for  the
client  consists  of  the  therapist's  having  the  client  say  a  Surface  Structure
which  incorporates  that intuition:
C:    I'm scared.
T:     /  want you  to say  this and pay  attention  to  how you  feel as you
say  it:   "I'm  scared  of my  father."
The  client then  says the  Surface Structure  proposed  by  the therapist and  pays
attention  to  see  whether  he  has  an  experience  of alignment or an  experience
of congruity.  If  the  result  is congruent,  the therapist's intuition  is confirmed.
If  not,  the  therapist  may  use  the  Meta-model  technique  of  asking  for  the
missing material.

Conclusion
STRUCTURE   OF  THE   FINAL
INCANTATION  OF  BOOK  I
It  is  not  our  purpose  in  this  book  to  deny  the  magical  quality
of  the  therapeutic  wizards  whom  we  have experienced, but  rather
to   show  that  magic,  like  other  complex   human  activities,   has
structure  and,  given  the  resources,  is,  therefore,  leamable.  This
book  is  one  resource for  a  sorcerer's  apprentice. This book, itself,
like the  magic  it describes,  has a structure.
Human   beings  live   in  a   real  world.   We  do  not,  however,
operate  directly  or  immediately  upon  that  world,  but  rather  we
operate  with  a  map  or a  series  of  maps which  we  use to guide our
behavior.   These   maps,   or  representational   systems,  necessarily
differ  from  the  territory  which  they  model  by  the  three  universal
processes  of  human  modeling:  Generalization,  Deletion,  and  Dis-
tortion.  When  people  come  to  us  in  therapy  expressing  pain  and
dissatisfaction,  the limitations that  they  experience  are typically  in
their representation of the world,  not in  the world  itself.
The   most   thoroughly   studied   and   best  understood  of  the
representational  systems  of  maps  is  human  language.  The  most
explicit  and  complete  model  of  natural  language  is  transforma-
tional  grammar.  Transformational  grammar  is,  therefore,  a  Meta-
model  —  a  representation  of  the  structure  of  human  language  —
itself a  representation  of the world  of experience.
Human  language  systems  are  themselves  derived  representa-
tions  of a  more complete  model — the sum total  of the experience
the  particular  human  being  has  had  in  his  life.  Transformational
linguists  have  developed  a  number  of  concepts  and  mechanisms
which  describe  how  the  way  that  people  actually  speak  —  their

180 / Final Incantation  of Book  I
Surface  Structures —  is  derived  from  their full  linguistic  represen-
tation,   the   Deep  Structures.   The  transformational  Meta-model
describes   these  concepts  and   mechanisms  explicitly;  these  are
specific  cases  of  the  general  modeling  processes  of Generalization,
Distortion and  Deletion.
Adapting  the  concepts  and   mechanisms  of  the  transforma-
tional  model  of the  human  representational  system  of  language for
the  purposes  of  therapy,  we  developed  a  formal  Meta-model  for
therapy. The Meta-model  is formal  because:
(a)  It is explicit; that  is,  it  describes the  process of therapy  in a
step-by-step  manner,  guaranteeing  that  the  Meta-model  is
learnable.  This  results  in  an  explicit  strategy  for  therapy.
(b)  It  is  independent  of content,  dealing  with  the form  of the
process, and, therefore,  has universal applicability.
The  Meta-model  relies only  upon  the intuitions which  every  native
speaker  has  of  his  language.  The  overall  implication  of  the  Meta-
model  for  therapy  is  the  notion  of well formed in  therapy.  This  is
a  set  of  conditions  which  must  be  met  by  the  Surface  Structures
which  the  client  uses  in  therapy  in  order for  these structures  to  be
acceptable.  Using  this  appropriate  grammar  for  therapy,  we,  as
therapists,  can  assist  our  clients  in  expanding the portions of their
representations  which  impoverish  and  limit  them.  This  results  in
enriching  their  lives  in  such  a  way  that  they  experience  more
options  in  their  behavior,  more  opportunities  to  experience  the
joys  and  richness  that  life  has  to  offer.  When  integrated  with  the
people-helper  skills  which  you  already  have  available  to  you  as  a
therapist,  this  process  of growth  and  change  is  profoundly  ampli-
fied.  This  language  of growth  is then truly THE STRUCTURE OF
MAGIC.
We  are  delighted  to  point  out  not  only  that  the  last  incanta-
tion  for  growth  and  potential  is  that  you  yourself  can  use  this
language of growth  to enrich  the skills you  have as a people-helper,
but  also  that  you  can  use  this  language  of growth  to  enrich  your
own life and your own potential as a human being.
To be continued  in  The Structure of Magic II.

Table  of  Contents  for
THE STRUCTURE  OF MAGIC  //
By John  Grinder and Richard Bandler
PART  I.
Representational    Systems   —   Other   Maps   for   the   Same
Territory
1.   The   Structure   of   the   Choice   of   Choice:   Possible
Analogue Maps.
2.   The   Meta-Map   of  Maps:   Identifying   the  Most   Fre-
quently  Chosen  System  of  Representation
3.   Meta  —  So  What:  Change  within  a  Representational
System
4.   Meta-Tactics  I:  Changing  Representational  Systems
PART II.
Incongruity
1.   Incongruency:  Expanding the  Double-Bind Theory
2.   Contradictions:  A Vice and a Tool
3.    Meta -  So  What:  Utilization  of Polarity  Splits
4.   Meta-Tactics  II
PART  III.
Fuzzy  Functions:  The  Neurology  of Choice
PART  IV.
Formal  Notation
1.   Vocabulary
2.   Axioms
3.   Transformations/Rules  of  Derivation
4.   Generative  Formulae

182 / Magic II
PART  V.
Family Therapy  — The  Delicate  Flower
1.   What  is  US:  The  Family  as System
2.   What  can  be  US
3.    A  New  US
4.  M  eta-Tactics
APPENDIX  I.
Examples  of  Utilization  of  Formal  Notation
APPENDIX  II.
Future  Plans

Appendix  A
A  BRIEF  OUTLINE  OF
TRANSFORMATIONAL  GRAMMAR
What  we  want  to  do  in  this  appendix  is  to  present  a  basic
sketch  of  the  structure  of  human  language  systems. This sketch  is
drawn  from  a  formal  theory  of  language  known  as  transforma-
tional  grammar  and  constitutes  only  the  briefest  outline  of  that
theory.
1
The  theory  of  transformational  grammar   was  developed   to
explicitly  describe patterning  in  human  language systems.  You  and
I,  as  human  beings,  have  consistent  intuitions  about  the structure
of  our   language   and   about  its  transformational  grammar  as  a
formal   representation   of  those  intuitions.   For  example,  native
speakers  of  English  agree  that  the  sequence  of  English  words  in
(A)  forms  a  sentence  of  their  language  while  the  sequence  of
words  in  (B)  does not:
(A) Hans' mother called Sigmund up.
(B) Called mother Sigmund Hans up.
Furthermore,  our  intuitions  are  that  the  words Hans  and  mother
go  together  in  some  way that the  words mother and called do not.
Again,  when  given  sentence  (C),  a  native  speaker  will  recognize  it
as having a special relationship to (A).
(C) Hans' mother called up Sigmund.
which he will describe as saying the same thing or having the same
meaning.  Finally,  a  native  speaker  of English will identify  (D) as a
member of a special  set of sentences
(D) Murdering peasants can be dangerous.
which  constitutes the  set of ambiguous sentences  in  English.  These
different   classes  of  intuitions  that  you   and   I   have,  as  native

184 / Appendix A
speakers of a natural  language, can be described  as:
1.   Intuitions  which  allow  me  to  consistently  decide  which
sequences  of  words  in  my  language  constitute  sentences
(that  is,  well-formed  sequences)  of  my  language.  We  will
refer to this as well-formedness.
2.   Intuitions  which  allow  me  consistently  to  decide  which
words  in  a  sentence  go together to form a higher  level unit
or   constituent.   We   will   refer   to   this   as   constituent
structure.
3.   Intuitions  which  allow  me  consistently  to  decide  which
sentences  have  which   kind  of  logical/semantic  relations,
relations  such  as,  Which  sentences of different structure or
form  have  the  same  meaning?  I  will  refer  to  this  as syn-
onymy.  Relations such  as, Which  sentences  have  more than
one  meaning?  we will  refer to as ambiguity.
The  grammar  of  a  natural  language  is  intended  to  represent
these  three  classes  of  intuitions.  The  central  data  that  a  transfor-
mational  grammar  is  designed  to  present  in  a  systematic  way  are
the  intuitions  native  speakers  such  as  you  and  I  have  about  the
structure  of  our  language.  By  consistently  decide  we  mean  both
that  when  we  are  presented  with  the  same  sentence  at  any  two
points  in  time  our  intuitions  about  its  structure  will  be  constant
and  also  that  other  native  speakers  will  have  the  same  intuitions
about  the  structure  of  that  sentence.  This  behavior  that  we,  as
native  speakers,  exhibit  is  rule-governed  behavior.  That  is  to  say
that, although  we  may not be conscious of or able to articulate the
rules  that  we  use  when  we  make  intuitional  judgments  about  the
structure  of our  language,  our  behavior  can  be  described  by  some
set  of  explicit  rules.  Linguists  construct  grammars  by  developing
these  systems  of  rules.  One  of  the  things  which   such  systems
specify   is   which   sequences  of  words  in  the  language  are  well
formed,  that  is,  are  sentences.  This  characteristic  of  rule  systems
addresses  the  first  question,  the  membership  question.  In  what
follows, we distinguish  between the components of the system  and
the  mechanics  of  the  components  of  that  system.  The  major
components  of  the  system  and  the  system  itself  do  not  involve
concepts  that  are  particularly  difficult.  We  want  to  caution  the
reader  not   to   become   bogged   down  in  the  mechanics  of  the
system,  and  for  this  reason  we  have  separated  them  from  the
system proper.

Appendix A  /  185
WELL-FORMEDNESS AND  CONSTITUENT  STRUCTURE
One  way  of  thinking  about  how  grammars  work, with  respect
to  well-formedness,  is to  imagine  the  situation in which we  have a
large  basket  full  of  small  slips  of  paper.  Each  slip  of  paper  has  a
word  of  the  English  language  written  on  it.  Our friend,  Atiko,  is
with  me.  Atiko  is  a  member  of  a  tribe  called  the  Dasenetsch  of
South  East  Ethiopia.  He does not speak or understand  English.  He
draws  out  ten  slips  of  paper at a time,  arranging them from  left to
right  in  front  of  him  in  the  order  that  he  drew  them  from  the
basket.  Now  his  task  is  to  decide  whether  each  sequence  of  ten
words constitutes a  well-formed  sequence  of  English.  We  are  able
to  assist  him  only  by  supplying  him  with  a  grammar or system  of
rules  which  he  can  use  to  decide  whether  the  sequence  is,  in fact,
well  formed.  Considered  from  this  point of view,  a  grammar  is a
decision   procedure   which  partitions  the  set  of  all   possible   se-
quences  of  English  words  into  a  set  of well-formed  sequences and
a  set  of  ill-formed  sequences.   Since  Atiko  does  not  know  the
English  language,  the  rules  must  be  explicit;  the  process  that  he
uses  cannot  rely  upon  his  intuitions  to  make judgments on  any  of
the   sequences.   Further,   if  the   system   of   rules  constitutes  an
adequate  grammar  (with  respect  to  well-formedness),  then  each
member  of  the  well-formed  set  will   be  judged  well  formed  by
native  speakers  of  English  and  no  member  of the other set will  be
identified  as  well  formed  by  native  speakers.  We  will  present  the
kind  of  rule  systems  used  by  transformational  linguists  shortly.
These  rule  systems  will  be  more  intelligible  if  we  first  discuss
constituent structure.  Consider  sentence  (1)  below.
(1)  Dick admitted Spiro had contacted the boys at ITT.
Sentence  (1)  is  judged  by  me,  by  you,  and  by  all  speakers  of
English  to  be  well  formed.  Now,  ask  yourself  whether  you  cap
detect  any internal structure to the sentence.  For example, do you
find that the words the and boys go together in  some intuitive way
that  the  words  boys  and  at  do  not?  Or,  again,  do  the  words had
and  contacted go  together  in  some way that contacted and the do
not?  For  native  speakers  of  English,  the  answer  is yes for both  of
the  questions.  We  can  continue  through  the  sentence,  using our
intuitions  about  the  internal  structure  of  the  sentence  to  decide
how  to  group  the  individual  words  in  the  sentence  into  higher
level,   multiple-word   units.   After   we   complete   this   first  run
through  the  sentence,  we  can  begin  again,  this time grouping  the
initial  groupings  or  constituents into  higher  level  constituents.  For
example,  the  constituents had contacted and the boys go together
in  some  way  that Spiro  and had contacted do not. This procedure

186  / Appendix A
is  iterative.  The  intuitions  of  native  speakers  of  English,  like  you
and   me,  about  the  constituent  structure  of  their  language  are
consistent.  To  repeat,  by  consistent  we  mean that, given the  same
sentence  now  and  again  in  ten  years,  our  judgments  about  its
internal  structure  will  be  constant.  Furthermore,  our  judgments
will  match  those  of  other  native  speakers  of  the  language.  Within
the  theory  of  transformational  grammar,  these  kinds of intuitions
are   represented   by  what  are  called  tree  structures.  There  is  a
simple  procedure  for  going  from  our  intuitions to  tree  representa-
tion:  words  that  go  together  in  my  intuitive  groupings  are  domi-
nated  by  (attached  to)  the  same  tree  node.  The  and  boys  go
together  according  to  our  intuitions  about  the  initial  groupings;
therefore, the  tree representation will  include the structure
the                         boys
In  actual  tree  representations, the  nodes  (here  represented  by  O's)
carry  labels  which  identify  their  parts  of  speech,  such  as  5  for
Sentence,  NP for Noun  Phrase,  VPfor Verb  Phrase, N for Noun,  V
for Verb, Det for Determiner, PP for Prepositional  Phrase, Prep for
Preposition,  etc.  The  actual  representation  for the constituent the
boys looks like
boys
The  tree  (2)  represents  our  intuitions  about  the  internal  structure
of sentence (1):  (See  page  187)
Now,  knowing  the  procedure  for  mapping  onto  tree  represen-
tations  from  intuitions  about  grouping  or  constituent  structure,
you  can  read  through  the  tree  structures  and  see  whether  your
intuitions  match  ours.  For  example,  the  words had contacted the
boys  at  ITT  form  a  constituent  (VP),   but  not  Spiro  and  had
contacted.  This  is  reflected  in  the  tree  structure  by  the  fact  that
the first  sequence  is  exhaustively  dominated  (by  exhaustively,  we
mean  that  the  node  that  dominates  these  words  dominates  these
words  and  no  others)  by  a  single  node, but there  is no single  node

Appendix A  /  187
(2)
A   A
6         Spiro     had contacted   Bet    N        Prep     NP
the  boys       at  Det       N
A A
0       ITT
which  exhaustively  dominates  the words Spiro  and had contacted.
We  pointed  out  earlier  that  grammars  are  systems  of  rules.  What,
then,  does  the  system  of  rules  which  specifies  the  tree  structure
(2)  look  like?  In  order  to  make  the  answer  to  this  question  more
intelligible  to  you,  we  want  to  take  a  brief  excursion  into  formal
or logical  systems.
Formal  Systems
Formal systems are composed of three components:
2
a vocabulary
a set of axioms
a set of rules of formation  or derivation.
The  more  important  concepts  (for  our  purposes  here)  of  formal
systems  can  be  illustrated  by  an  extremely simple system — call  it
SIMPLE.
3
  (Seepage  188)

188  I  Appendix  A
System  SIMPLE
vocabulary: J.»  X_.  JL
set of axioms:   .*.
rules  of  formation  or  derivation:
(a)  *—-)   *   (
(b)     *—*-(j>
(The  symbol  0  represents  the  empty  sequence.)
The   symbol   _   means  that   the   material   which   appears   on   the
left-hand   side   of   it   may   be   replaced   by   (be   re-written  as)  the
material   on   the   right-hand   side   of  the  symbol.   Now,  let's  turn
SIMPLE  on  and  watch  the  way  it  operates.  The  Meta-rule  (a  rule
about  rules)  for  formal  systems  of  this  class  specifies  that  we  must
justify  each  statement  that  we  make  in  the  system.  There  are  two
possible  justifications:  either  what  we  write  down  is  an  axiom  of
the  system  or  it  is  a  substitution  specified  by  the  rules  of  deriva-
tion   from   the   line  which  we  have  just  written.  To  begin,  since
there  are  no  existing  lines,  the  first  line  must  be  the  axiom  of the
system
line                                                   justification
*                                             axiom  of the  system
Now,  we  examine  the  line  which  we  have  just  written  and  deter-
mine  whether  any  of  the  symbols  written   there  are  on  the  left-
hand   side   of  the  rules  of  derivation.  The  symbol   •  is  the  only
candidate,  and,  in  fact,  appears  on  the  left  hand  of  both  of  the
rules  of  derivation  for  SIMPLE.  We  then  choose  one  of  the  rules
and  write  the  next  line
line                                                   justification
*                                             axiom  of the  system
)  *  (                                          by rule  of derivation  (a)
We  now  repeat the  procedure,  scanning the  last  line  and  comparing
the  symbols  there  with  the  symbols  which  appear  on  the  left  hand
of  the  rewrite  arrows.  Within  this  system,  as  long  as  we  continue
to  choose  rule  of derivation  (a),  the  procedure  will  continue.
4
Suppose  we  choose  the  rule  (a)  twice  more  (See  page  189)
When  we  examine  the  bottom   line  of  the  sequence,  we  find  no
symbols  which  occur  on  the   left  hand  of  a  re-write  arrow.  The

Appendix A  /  189
line                                                  justification
*                                             axiom  of the  system
)  *  (                                          by  rule  of derivation (a)
)  )  *  (  (                                      by  rule  of derivation  (a)
)))*(((                                   by rule of derivation  (a)
What  happens  now  if we  choose  rule  of derivation  (b)?
line                                                  justification
*                                             axiom  of the system
)  *  (                                         by rule  of derivation  (a)
)  )  *  (  (                                      by rule  of derivation  (a)
)))*(((                                   by  rule of derivation  (a)
))))((((                               by  rule of derivation  (b)
procedure   now   terminates.   The   results   of  the   procedure,  the
collection  of the  lines  top  to  bottom, is called  the derivation. The
final  line  of  any  such  derivation  is  called  a theorem  of the system
and  is  said  to  have  been  proven  in the system.  Finally, a sequence
in  the  vocabulary  of  a  system  is  said  to  be  well  formed  if  it  is  a
theorem  of  that  system.  Looking  at  the  system  from  an  overall
point  of view, we can  see that a sequence  in the vocabulary of that
system  is  well  formed  with  respect  to  that  system,  just  in  case
there  is  a derivation  proceeding from  an  axiom  of  the  system  by
means  of  the  rules  of  derivation  to  a  sequence  which  contains no
symbol  which  occurs  on  the  left-hand  side  of  one  of  the  rules  of
derivation  for  that  system,  a  theorem.  If  we  collect  all  of  the
theorems  of a  system, we  have the  set of well-formed  sequences in
the vocabulary  of the system.
Now,  we  want  to  explicitly  draw  the  parallelism  between  the
system  SIMPLE  and  natural  language  systems.  The first  task  that
we  have  when  functioning  as  a  linguist  is  to  specify  the  set  of
well-formed  sequences  in  the  vocabulary  of  the  natural  language
system  for which  we  are attempting to construct a grammar.  Using
SIMPLE  as a  model,  then,  if  we  were  able  to  specify  a  system  of
rules  which  gave as theorems for all  the  sequences of words in that
language  which  native  speakers  judged  to  be well formed, then we
would  have succeeded  in answering the  membership question.
Some  Mechanics of the  Membership  and Constituent
Structure  Issues
Let's  see  what  a  system of rules for natural  language  might be.

190 / Appendix A
System  DEEP
Vocabulary:  5  (Sentence),  NP  (Noun  Phrase),  VP  (Verb
Phrase),  N  (Noun),  Det  (Determiner),   V  (Verb),  PP
(Prepositional  Phrase), Prep (Preposition)
Axiom: S
Rules  of derivation:
(a)    S—-NP        VP
N          (PP>
\
(c)     VP—-V     (NP)     (PP)
(d)    PP—-Prep      NP
where    symbols    within
parenthesis       may       be
omitted     and     symbols
NP-*~\
DetN
            (
pp
A              within  brackets  represent
'S                      )               a  disjunctive  choice,  i.e.,
choose  either  one  line  of
symbols  or  the  other  but
not both.
The  Meta-rule  for  this  system  is  the  same  as  that  mentioned
for  SIMPLE  —  each  line of the derivation  must either be an axiom
or  must be  derivable from  the  previous  line  by a  rule of derivation.
Applying the  procedure  we  used for SIMPLE, we  have
NP
Det
Det
Det
Det
Det
Det
Det
Det
Det
line
S
N
N
N
N
N
N
N
N
N
VP
VP
V
V
V
V
V
V
V
V
NP
s
NP
Det
Det
Det
Det
Det
VP
N
N
N
N
N
VP
V
V
V
V
NP
Det
Det
Det
PP
N PP
N  Prep
N  Prep
justification
axiom of the system
by
by
by
by
by
by
by
by
NP             by
Det    N       by
rule  of derivation a
rule  of derivation  b
rule  of derivation  c
rule  of derivation  b
rule  of  derivation a
rule  of  derivation  b
rule  of  derivation c
rule  of derivation b
rule  of derivation  d
rule  of derivation b

Appendix  A   /  191
It  is  not  difficult  to  map  from  derivations  to  tree  representa-
tion;  return  to  the  first  line  of  the  derivation  and  begin  reading
down  the  derivation  line  by  line.  In  each  line,  one  rule  of  deriva-
tion  was  applied  to  replace  one  symbol  by  some other  symbol  (a).
The  rest  of  the  symbols  in  the  line  have  simply  been  carried  down
or  re-copied  from  the  line  immediately  above.  These  symbols  carry
no  new  information  and  are,  therefore,  redundant.  We  remove  the
redundancy  by  erasing  or  leaving  out  all  of  the  symbols  in  each
successive  line  of  the  derivation  which  are  not  affected  by  the  rule
of  derivation  which  was  applied.  If  we  perform  this operation  for
this  first  few  lines  of derivation,  we  have  the  figure
NP                                        VP
Det                       N                V                       NP
S
Now,  we  return  to  the  first  line  of  the  derivation,  and  as  we
read   down,   we  connect  the  symbol   which   was  replaced  in  the
upper  line  of  each  adjacent  pair  of  lines  with  the  symbol(s)  which
replaced   it  in  the  lower  line  of  the  pair.  The  results  for  the  first
few  lines  look  like  this:
Det

192 / Appendix A
When  we  carry  out  these  two  procedures for the entire deriva-
tion, we  have the tree representation
(3)
NP             PP
Det     N    Prep   NP
DetN
This  tree  structure  is  identical  to  tree  structure  (2)  which  we
discussed  earlier  except  that  the  words  of  English  attached  to  the
lowest  nodes  in  tree  (2)  are  missing from  this tree. To apply  these,
we  need a lexicon (or enlarged dictionary). This lexicon gives all  of
the   words  of  English  with  certain  additional   information.   For
example,  verbs  are  listed  in  this  lexicon  showing  in  what  kind  of
tree  structure  they  can  be  placed.  The  verb  admit  may  fit  into  a
tree  structure  under a  V  node  if that  V node is followed  by an NP
node,
5
  as  in  tree  structure  (2),  but  it  cannot  be  placed  in  a  tree
structure  under a  V node if nothing follows that  V node, as in
laughed
This  kind  of  information  listed  in  the  lexicon  prevents  ill-formed
sequences such as
6
* People admit
*Dick laughed Spiro had contacted the boys at ITT
For  nouns,  the  lexicon  gives  information  showing  with  what
kinds  of  verbs  the  noun  may  be  used.  This  information  prevents
ill-formed  sequences such  as
7

Appendix A / 193
* The wall laughed
*The  wall  admitted  Spiro  had contacted  the  boys  at  ITT
In  general,  then,  the lexicon  contains sufficient information to
capture  the  dependencies  between  verbs  and  their  accompanying
noun  phrases.  Given  the  lexicon,  we  now  need  only  a  rule  of
substitution  which  checks  the  information  in  the  lexicon  against
the  tree  structure  and  places  the  word  involved  under  the  lowest
node  if  there  is no conflict between  the information  in  the lexicon
and  the  structure  of  the  tree.  If  we  carry  out  this  substitution
operation  for  tree  (3),  one  of  the  resulting  trees  will  be  tree  (2),
repeated  here for convenience.
Det
<p       Spiro
had        Det
con-
tacted
the
N   Prep           NP
4
9
                 ITT
N
1 A
What,  then,  does  the  system  DEEP  do  for  us?  First,  DEEP
represents  intuitions  about  the  constituent  structure.  How?  Ex-
amine   the   rules   of  derivation  for   DEEP.   Take   rule   (d),  for
example.
PP—-Prep   NP
In  addition  to being interpreted simply as a rule of derivation, rule

194 / Appendix A
(d)  can  be  interpreted  as  a  rule  of constituent structure;  it  makes
the  general  claim  that  prepositional  phrases  (in  English)  are  com-
posed  of a  preposition followed  by a noun  phrase.  More generally,
each  of  the  rules  of  derivation  specifies  that  the  symbols  which
appear  on  the  right-hand  side of the re-write  arrow  are  the constit-
uents  which  are exhaustively dominated  by,  and  therefore  replace-
ments for,  the  symbol  which  appears  on  the  left-hand  side  of the
arrow.  Secondly,  the  system  DEEP  is a first approximation  for a
system  which  represents  intuitions  about  well-formedness; that  is,
what  are  the  sentences  of  English.  The  answer  provided  by  DEEP
is  all  the  theorems  of  DEEP.  How  do  we  decide  whether  the
answer  provided  by  DEEP  is  accurate?  In  principle,  we  just  turn
DEEP on,  collect  all  of the  theorems,  and  compare that  set to  the
set  of  sentences  identified   by   native  speakers  of  the  language.
Practically,  however,  we  can  show  that  DEEP  is  not  a  complete
answer  simply  by  finding  one  well-formed   sentence  of  English
which   is  not  a  theorem   of   DEEP.   Sentence   (4)   is  one  such
sentence.
(4)  The  boys  at  ITT  were  admitted  by  Dick  to  have  been
contacted by Spiro.
How  do we decide whether (4)  is a theorem  of  DEEP?  First,  we go
through  (4)  using our intuitions to  determine  what the appropriate
groupings  and,  therefore,  tree  representations  for  them  are.  We
notice  on  the  initial  grouping,  for  example,  that  the  words at and
ITT go  together  in  some  way  that  neither boys  and  at  nor ITT and
were  do.  On  the  second  run  through  the  sentence,  we notice that
the  constituents  were  admitted  and  by  Dick  go  together  in  a way
that  neither  at  ITT  and  were  admitted  nor  by  Dick  and  to  have
been  contacted  do.  After  proceeding  systematically  through  the
sentence,  we  can  represent  our  intuitions  by  tree  structure  (5).
(See  page 195)
Our  intuitions  represented  in  this  tree  structure  make  several
interesting claims. They claim that there  is a constituent composed
of by,  followed  by  a Det,  followed  by  an  N,  wherein  all  three  of
these  constituents  are  exhaustively  dominated  by  the  node  NP.
This  claim  is  sufficient  to  demonstrate that  DEEP  is only a partial
answer  to  the  membership  question.  How?  By  examining the rule
of  DEEP  which  specifies  what constituents  are  exhaustively  domi-
nated  by  NP,  that  is,  rule  of  derivation  (b).  Since  no  rule  of
derivation   expands  NP  as  by  +  Det  +  N,   we  see  that  in  no
derivation  of  DEEP  (and,  therefore,  in  no  theorem  of  DEEP)  can
there  be a  case  in which an NP directly dominates the element by.
In  order for  that  configuration  to  arise,  there  would  have  to  have
been  a  rule for  the form.  We, therefore,  can conclude that there is

Appendix A  /  195
(5)
Det    N     PP
M\
The  boys   Prpn   Ml
A\
were
boys  Prep   NP    admitted     by  Det     N
at  Det           N                     4>     Dick
to  have  been   .
contacted       by  Det     N
<fr   Spiro
at  least  one  well-formed  sequence  of  English  which  DEEP fails to
enumerate.  But  before  we  try  to  find  a  way  to supplement  DEEP
with  an  additional  system  or  some  additional  rules  of derivation,
we  want to talk  about our intuition  about synonymy.
SYNONYMY
Check  your intuitions about the  relationship  between  sentence
(2)  and sentence (4), repeated  below.
(2)  Dick admitted Spiro had contacted the boys at ITT.
(4)  The  boys  at  ITT  were  admitted  by  Dick  to  have  been
contacted by Spiro.
Native  speakers  of  English  judge  the  sentences  (2)  and  (4)  to  be
synonymous.  Synonymy  is  a  relationship  which  holds  between
two  (or  more)  sentences  when  they  always  have  the  same  truth
value  —  they  are  always  both  true  or  always  both  false.  In  other
words,  assume  that  the  words  Dick  and Spiro  and the boys at ITT
refer  to  the  same  things as they  are  used  in  both  sentences (2)  and
(4).  Can  you  imagine a world, logically consistent, in which  one of
these  sentences  is  true  and  the  other  false?  If you  are  unable  to,
then   the   pair   is   said   to  be  synonymous.
8
   So,  not  only  does
sentence  (4)  represent  a  counter  example  to  the  claim that  DEEP
is  an  adequate  grammar  with  respect  to  well-formedness,  but it —
along  with  sentence  (2)  —  brings  up the  issue of how intuitions of
synonymy  are  to  be  represented,  how  to  determine  which  sen-
tences  of  different  form  or  structure  have  the  same  meaning.  In

196/ Appendix A
other  words,  you  and  I,  as  native  speakers  of  English,  recognize
that,  although  they  are  of a  radically  different  form  or  structure,
sentences  (2)  and  (4)  have  a  special  meaning  relationship  called
synonymy.   In  both   of  the   sentences,   there   is  an   activity  or
relationship  of  admitting  being  described.  This  activity  is  being
carried  out  by  some  individual  named  Dick;  the  individual(s)  to
whom  an  admission  is  being  made  is  not  specified,  and  what  is
being  admitted   is  that  Spiro  had  contacted  the  boys  at  ITT.
Furthermore,  there  is  an  additional  activity  or  relationship  being
described,  that  of contacting.  This  activity  of contacting  is  being
carried  out  by  an  individual  named  Spiro,  the  person(s)  being
contacted  are  specified  as  the  boys  at  ITT,  and  what  Spiro  was
contacting  the  boys  at  ITT  about  is  left  unspecified.  The  kind  of
intuitions that  we  are describing now  are referred  to as meaning or
logical   relationships.   Again   borrowing   some   terminology  from
logical  systems,  we  will  refer  to  activities  or  relationships  such  as
admitting  or contacting  as predicates.
9
  The  noun  phrases that are
associated  with  these  relationships  or  predicates  we  will  call  the
arguments of the predicate.  Using these terms, we can characterize
the  meaning  relations  in  sentences  (2)  and  (4). The  major meaning
relationship  or  predicate  in  these  synonymous  sentences  is admit.
The  predicate  admit  has  three  arguments,  the  individual  making
the  admission  (i.e.,  Dick), the individual  to whom  the admission  is
being  made  (not  specified),  and  the  thing  that  is  being admitted
(Spiro  had  contacted  the  boys  at  ITT).  We  can  represent  these
intuitions using a form from  logical  systems,
(6)  admit-?  (Dick,            ,  Spiro   had  contacted  the  boys  at
0
where  the  super-script  •>  on  the  predicate  specifies  the  number of
arguments  associated  with  that  predicate,  and  the  blank  space
indicates  a  missing  argument.  The  third  of  these  arguments  is
complex,  itself  being  composed  of a  predicate with  its arguments.
(7)  contact^ (Spiro, the boys at  ITT,            )
The  unspecified  argument of the  predicate contact  is the argument
which  specifies  what  it  was  that  the  boys  at  ITT  were  contacted
by  Spiro  about.  We  can  combine  the  information  in  (6)  and  (7)
into a single form
(8)  admit?   (Dick,            ,   (contact?   [Spiro,   the   boys   at
ITT,            ])
These  meaning  relationships  are  represented  in  the  theory  of
transformational  grammar at the  level  of the  theorems of  DEEP.  If
you  examine  sentence  (2),  you  will  notice  that,  except  for  the
arguments  that   are   missing  altogether,   the  logical  or  meaning
relations  are  expressed  directly.  For  example,  the  predicates  and

Appendix A  /  197
their  arguments  are  located  contiguously,  and  the  grammatical
relations  (such  as  subject  of the  verb  [the first  noun  phrase  to the
left  of the  verb]  and  logical  relations  [such  as  which  argument  is
in  first  position])  are  parallel.  The  subject  of  the  verb  admit  and
the  first  argument  of  the  predicate  is  the  same  noun  phrase Dick.
Notice  that  the  fact  that  the  grammatical  relations and  the  logical
relations  parallel  each other and  the fact that  sentences (2)  and  (4)
are  synonymous  could  be  represented  if  there  were  some  way  of
deriving both  (2)  and  (4) from  the  same structure. This,  in fact, is
the function that transformations  have  in grammatical  systems.
The Transformational  Component
On  the  basis  of  what  we  have  already  said,  there  are  at  least
two  difficulties  that transformations  must  resolve:  the transforma-
tional  system  must  represent  intuitions about the  well-formedness
of  sentences  such  as  (4),  not  represented  by  DEEP,  and  transfor-
mations  must  represent  the  intuition  that  you  and  I  have that the
two  sentences  (2)  and  (4)  mean the  same thing, the relationship of
synonymy.   Both   of  these   objectives  can   be  accomplished   by
having  transformations  from  the  system  DEEP  and  then  having
transformations  derive  all  of  the  sentences  of  the  language  as  the
theorems  of that  system  from  the  theorems  of  DEEP. The deriva-
tion of synonymous sentences  is then  effected  in this way:  two  (or
more)  sentences  will  be  considered  synonymous just  in  case  they
are  derived  from  the same axiom. We want to take a closer look at
the transformational system.
The  Mechanics of the Transformational  Component
The transformational  system  looks  like
System/TRANS
Vocabulary:  The  vocabulary  of system  DEEP  plus vari-
able  names X, Y, Z, etc.
Axioms:  The theorems of the system  DEEP.
Rules of derivation:  The transformations of  English.
In  DEEP, the  rules of derivation  were of the form
A—'-BCD
that  is,  some  symbol  is  replaced  by  some  other  symbol(s).  In
TRANS,   the   rules  of  derivation  are  somewhat  different.   Each
consists   of  two   parts:   the  structural  index   and  the  structural
change.  The  purpose  of  the  structural   index  is  to  identify  the
structure  of  the  tree  representations  which  are  to  be  transformed
or  operated  upon.  We  take  the  PASSIVE  transformation  as  an
example.  The  structural  index for the  PASSIVE transformation  is:
X NP1 V NP2 Y

198 I Appendix A
We   read   this  formula  as  follows:   the  structural  index  of  the
PASSIVE  transformation  picks  out  any  tree  structure  which  has
the  following  form:   Any   sequence   of   nodes  (covered  by  the
variable  name  X),  followed  by  a  noun  phrase  (identified  asNPi),
followed  by a verb, followed  by another noun  phrase (identified  as
NP2). This formula of labeled  nodes identifies a whole  class of tree
representations  with  the  structure  specified  by  the  formula,  tree
representations that are as follows:
X
Once  the  appropriate  tree  representations  are  picked  out  by  the
structural  index,  then  they  may  be  transformed  or  mapped  into a
new  tree  structure.  The  purpose  of the second  part,  the structural
change,  is  to  specify  what  changes  are  to  be  made  to  the  input
tree;  that  is,  the  structural  change  specifies  the  structure  of  the
output  tree.  The  structural  change  for  the  PASSIVE  transforma-
tion is:
X     NP2      be    +     V    +    en     by    +     NP*     Y
The  structural  change  of  a  transformation  can  be  interpreted  as
instruction  for  how  we  are  to  change the  input tree  in  order  to get
the  right  output  tree.  Specifically,  the  structural  change  for  the
PASSIVE  transformation  specifies that  the structure of the output
tree  will  be  all  the  same  nodes  which  were  originally  covered  by
the  variable  X,  followed  by  the  noun  phrase  which  in  the  input
tree  was  to  the  right  of  the  verb  (NP?),  followed  by  the  element
be,  followed  by the verb, followed  by the element en, followed  by
the  element  by,  followed  by  the  noun  phrase  which  originally

Appendix A  /  199
appeared  to  the  left  of  the  verb  (NP1).  So,  in  tree  form,  the
output of the  transformation  looks  like
X
NP2
In   more   general   terms,  then,   the  effect   of  the  PASSIVE
transformation  is,  first  of all,  to  permute  or  alter the  order of the
two  NPs  identified  in  the  structural  index,  and  secondly,  to  add
some  new  elements.
10
  To show the similarity  between  this  kind  of
rule  of derivation  and  that  of  the  system  DEEP,  note that  we  can
present this transformation  in  the  same format as the one that we
used for the  rules of derivation  of  DEEP
11
X  NPl   V  NP2   Y—-X  NP2  be  +   V  +  en  by  +  NPl   Y
where  the  material  which  appears  on  the  left-hand  side  of  the
arrow  is  the  structural  index  and  the  material  which  appears  on
the  right-hand  side  of  the arrow  is the structural  change.  I  want to
point  out  several  differences  between  the  two  types  of  rules:  the
rules  of  DEEP  accept  as  input  and  give  as output  linear  sequences
of symbols,  while  the  rules  of TRANS  accept  as input and  give as
output  hierarchically  arranged  tree  structures.  The  rules  of  DEEP
are  stated  in  a  vocabulary  which  does  not  include variables, while
those  of TRANS  use variables extensively,  and finally, the  rules of
TRANS  have the  power to  change  more  than  one symbol  at a time
while  those  of  DEEP  do  not.  In  general,  the  rules  of TRANS  are
much   more  powerful  than  the  rules  of  DEEP.   Using  the  tree
representations,  I  show  the  effect of the transformation  PASSIVE
(see page 200).
In the grammar of English, linguists  have been  able to identify a
number  of  transformations.  At  this  point  in  the  presentation  of

200 / Appendix A
X                             Y                      X
l      ,VZ>
                                                              Np2
     s
vp
V           NP2                                    V
be ... en         by
the  system,  I  want  to  mention only  one additional transformation
-   RAISING.
X       V       [   NP     Y]         Z-+X       V      NP    [    Y  ]      Z
S                S                                           S      S
The  overall  derivation  has  the  same  effect as any derivation  in
a formal  system:  it carries the axioms of the system  by the  rules of
derivation  into  the  theorems  or  well-formed  sequences  (and,  in
this   case,   tree  structures)   of  the  system.   If  you  compare  the
theorem  for  which  we  have  just  given  the derivation with  the tree
representation  (4),  you  will  discover  that,  except  for  a  few  node
differences which  are affected  by  some minor clean-up transforma-
tions  of  English,  the two  trees  are  identical.  Now,  how  does  this
account  for   the   intuitions  of  well-formedness   and  synonymy?
First,  we  showed  that  the  system  DEEP  failed  to  account for  at
least  one  well-formed  sentence  of  English,  namely,  sentence  (4).
Notice  now  that  DEEP  plus  TRANS,  in  fact,  accounts  for  that
sentence.  In  order for us to explain  how the synonymy question  is
handled, we  need to develop  some terminology.
The Complete  Model
Within  the  theory  of transformational  grammar,  each  sentence
receives  a  double analysis:  an analysis of the constituent structure,
or  what  things  go  together,  and  an  analysis  of  the  meaning,  or
logical  relations.  Transformational  grammar  makes  the claim  that,
in  order  to capture the consistent intuitions that you  and  I  have  as
native  speakers  of  English,  two distinct  levels of structure  must  be
identified.  These  are  called  the  Deep  Structure  and  the  Surface
Structure.  The  Deep  Structure  is  the  level  of  structure  in  which
the   meaning  or   logical   relations  information  is  stated  for  the
sentence   under  anaiys.s   the   Surface   Structure  is  the  level  of

Appendix A  /  201
line
(a)
justification
axiom  of  the  system
(theorem  of  DEEP)
NP
1
Det            N
VR.
V         NP
h    A  Z\
(j)                Dick         admitted
Det
NP
3
A  A   /\\
Spiro      had          Det           N            PP
con-
tacted
A   A/\
-Yep       Nl
A   A
let     N
(A
the        boys  Prep        NP
at    23e£    JV
0    ITT
by  rule  of derivation  (a)

202 / Appendix A
(b)
NP
1
Det           N
VP
NP
I  A  A
<p            Dick       admitted
VP
Det       N        PP        V
A  A    \
the       boys            \
NP
2
Prep           NP    be contacted  by      Det
hA
Det       N
A
Spiro
ITT
by  rule  of derivation  (a)

Appendix  A   /  203
justification
by  rule  of derivation  (b)
the    boys
Prep   NP
AA
ys
T/\  A A\
Det    N        be con-      by  Det    A
A A
 M
  hA
(d)
by  rule  of derivation  (a)
the   boys   I      \            be admit
Prep   NP
be  contacted   by Det     N
AAA
Spiro

204 / Appendix A
structure  in  which constituent structure information  is stated. The
Surface  Structure  is  the form  that  the  sentence actually  has  when
it  is  used  by  you  and  me  as  native  speakers  of  the  language.  The
Deep  Structure  never  appears  directly  in  the  use  of  the  language,
although  you  and  I  have  consistent  intuitions  about  the  relations
which  hold  between  the  elements  of  the  Deep Structure.  In  terms
of the  systems that  we  have  been  presenting,  the  Deep Structures
of  English  are  the  set  of  theorems  for  the  system  DEEP.  The
theorems  of TRANS  are  the  set  of  Surface  Structures  of  English.
Deep  Structures of English  —  meaning or  logical  relations
(theorems of  DEEP)
Surface Structures of English — constituents structure rela-
tions  (theorems of TRANS)
Now  for  the  relationship  of  synonymy.  The  relationship  of
synonymy   is   said   to  hold   between  two  Surface  Structures  of
English  if  they  are  derived  from  the  same  Deep  Structure.  Since
the  point  at  which  meaning  relations  are  stated  for  the  sentences
of  English  is  at  the  level  of  Deep  Structure,  the  transformations
which  change  the  form  of  that  sentence  as  it  goes  through  its
derivation  to  Surface  Structure  add  no  dimensions of meaning.  In
other  words,  the  meaning  of a sentence  is  independent of the  post
Deep  Structure  form  that  it  receives by  the transformations which
map  it  into  Surface Structure.  Another  way  of stating this  result  is
to  say  that  two  theorems  of  the  system  TRANS  have  the  same
meaning  (i.e.,  are  synonymous)  just  in  case  they  are derived from
the  same axiom.  Figure  (10)  shows this relation  of synonymy.
(10)    Deep  Structure^
Surface             \
Structure^    Surface Structure2   •   •   •  Surface Structure
n
So each Surface Structure derived from the  same  Deep Structure is
synonymous  with  every  other  Surface Structure  derived  from  that
same  source.  Take  sentences  (2)  and  (4),  which  are  synonymous:
(2)  Dick admitted Spiro had contacted the boys at ITT.
(4)  The  boys  at  ITT  were  admitted  by  Dick  to  have  been
contacted by Spiro.
There  are  a  number  of additional  sentences which  are  theorems of
TRANS  derived from the  same axiom.  For example:
(11)  That  Spiro  had contacted  the  boys at  ITT  was admitted
by Dick

Appendix A / 205
(12)  Dick  admitted to  someone  that Spiro  had contacted the
boys at ITT about something.
If you  examine  sentence  (11)  carefully,  you  will  see  that  it is the
result  of  a  derivation  from  the  same  Deep  Structure  which  in-
cludes  only  one  application  o
r
  the  rules  of  derivation  (a),  that  is,
the  PASSIVE  transformation.  Sentence  (12)  is  more  important.
Remember  the  discussion  of  the  kind  of  information  which  the
lexicon  contains  regarding verbs; specifically, we characterized  the
verb admit as a three-place predicate.
admit3  (person  admitting,  person  being admitted to, thing
admitted)
In  sentence  (2),  which  we  have  been calling the theorem  of DEEP,
the counter argument is missing.
admit3   (Dick,           ,  Spiro  had  contacted  the  boys  at
ITT)
Now  we  can  correct  an  earlier simplification.  The  actual  theorem
of  DEEP,  the  Deep  Structure  underlying (2),  (4),  and  (11), is the
tree  structure  for   (12),  in  which  all  of  the  arguments  of  the
predicate  admit  have  a  representation.  The  tree  structure  looks
like the following  (see  page 206).
Since  sentence  (2)  and sentence (12)  are synonymous, the sys-
tem TRANS must derive them from  the  same theorem. The Surface
Structure  sentence  (12)  is virtually  identical  with  its  Deep  Struc-
ture.
12
  Two  noun  phrase  arguments  are  missing  from  the  Surface
Structure  (2).  This  fact  uncovers for  us  a  distinct  and  extremely
important  class  of transformations of  English.  The transformations
that  we  have  presented  up  to  this  point  have  had  the  effect  of
permuting  or  changing  the  order  of  noun  phrase  arguments  in  the
tree  structure;  these  are  referred  to  as  Permutation  transforma-
tions.  The  transformations  involved  in  the  derivation  of  sentence
(2)  in  the  system  TRANS  have,  as  their  effect,  the  removal  of
constituents  from  the  tree  structure;  these  constitute  the  class  of
Deletion  transformations.  The  specific  transformation  which  is
involved  in  the derivation of (2)  is called  Unspecified NP Deletion.
It  was  applied  twice  in  the  derivation  of  (2)  to  remove  the  two
constituents  to  someone  and  about  something.  The  existence  of
this transformation, then, allows us to understand the relationship,
that is, the derivation, between axiom  (12)  and theorem (2).
What  we  have  presented  so  far  is  the  representation  of  the
consistent  intuitions  about  language for which  any  adequate gram-
mar  of  a  natural  language  system  must  provide.  Figure  (13)  may
help you  to visualize the entire system  (see  page 207).
Further, it is at the  level  of  Deep Structure that the  meaning of
logical   relations   is  stated,   while   it   is  at  the   level  of  Surface

206  / Appendix A
NP                 VP
A
Det    N   V           NP      NP
ick  admit-  some
ted to  one
Det
Spiro   had       Det    N     PP             Prep
con-
tacted
the   boys  Prep   NP about   Det    N
Prep
Ti\,  ---
at  De£    N       0      thing
0      ITT
Structure  that  the  constituent  structure  relations  are  stated.  The
set  of  well-formed  membership  question  sentences  in  the  language
is  the  set  of all  theorems  of TRANS.  The  intuition  of synonymy  is
answered  as  every  Surface  Structure  derived  from  the  same  Deep
Structure  is  synonymous  with  every  other  Surface  Structure  de-
rived  from  that  Deep  Structure.
The   last   of   the   three   intuitions   can   now   be   represented,
ambiguity.    Ambiguity   refers   to   the   experience   native   speakers
have   when   they   understand   a  sentence  to  have  more  than  one
distinct  meaning.  Sentence  (14)  is  the  example  of  an  ambiguous
sentence  which  we  presented  earlier.
(14)  Murdering peasants  can  be  dangerous.
Our  intuitions  about  this  sentence  are  that  it  can  be  understood  to
mean  either  that  peasants  who  murder  can  be  dangerous  or  that
for  someone  to  murder  peasants  can  be  dangerous.  If we  represent

Appendix  A   /  207
(13)
axiom
S
system DEEP
theorems
theorems of DEEP   =   AXIOMS OF TRANS -
Deep  Structures
system  TRANS
axiom
theorems
=    Surface Structures
these  two  distinct  meanings  by  the  symbols  A  and  B,  then  how
can  we  account for  this  property  of  ambiguity  within  the  system
of  transformational  grammar  that  we  have  developed  here?  The
answer  is  quite simple:  consider the  case  of synonymy. Synonymy
is  the  case  in which the  same  Deep Structure  maps onto  more than
one  Surface  Structure.  Ambiguity  is  the  inverse  of  synonymy,
namely,   where  different   Deep   Structures   map  onto  the  same
Surface  Structures.  In  other  words,  a  Surface  Structure  will  be
ambiguous  if  there   is   more   than  one  derivation   leading  from
distinct  Deep  Structures.  If  there  are  two  such  derivations,  then
the  Surface Structure which  results is ambiguous in two ways, that
is,  it  is  connected  by  derivations  with  two  distinct  Deep  Struc-
tures.  If  there  are  n  such  derivations,  then  the  resulting  Surface
Structure  is  n  ways  ambiguous.  Figure  (15)  may  help  you  to  see
the  relationship  of  ambiguity  in  transformational  terms  (see  page
208).
This  last  characterization  of  the  relationship  of  ambiguity  in
transformational   terms   completes  the  sketch   of  the  theory  of
transformational  grammar  which  we  want  to  present  in  this work.
Transformational  grammar  is  the  name  of  the  portion  of  the
field  of  linguistic  research which  we  have  used  as a reference point
in  adapting  linguistic  models  as  a  Meta-model  for therapy.  At this
point  in  time  in  the  development  of  the  field  of transformational

208 / Appendix A
(15)             Deep                 Deep                            Deep
Structure^        Structure2  .   .   .         Structure
n
Surface  Structure
grammar,  there  are at  least two groups of researchers who  consider
themselves  and  members  of  the  other  group  to  have  a  distinctive
and  competing  model  for  the  dominant  paradigm  in  linguistics.
These  two  groups call their  models the  Extended  Standard Theory
and  the  Generative  Semantics  models. The concepts and  processes
which  we  have  selected  from  transformational  grammar  are  avail-
able  in  both  models.  In other words,  both  groups of people will  be
able  to  identify  the  formally  equivalent  concepts  and  processes  in
their  model.  Models  are  useful  for  much  that  falls  outside  formal
equivalence.  Specifically,  the  names  of the  concepts and  processes
given  to  the  experiences  of  having  intuitions  about  language  pre-
sent  different  images.  They  suggest  through  mechanisms  such  as
presuppositions,  entailments,  invited  inferences,  and  the syntax of
their  expression  different  perceptions  and  attitudes.  The  majority
of  the  names  we  have  chosen  to  use  here  are  drawn  from  the
Extended  Standard  Theory.  For  the  purposes  of  perceiving  lan-
guage  while  doing  linguistics  analysis  and  for formal  elegance,  we
chose  the  Generative  Semantics  model.  For  the  purposes  of  de-
scribing  our  experiences  in  therapy,  in  talking  to  people  training
themselves  to  be  therapists,  we  have found  the terminology  of the
Extended  Standard  Theory  more  useful; thus,  it  was our choice  in
this  book.  We  have  attempted  in  the  Glossary  to  give  the  nota-
tional  equivalences  in  the  Generative  Semantics  model  for  the
terms  used  here  in  the  cases  which  seem important to  us.  We  have
an  intuition  that  the  Generative  Semantics  model  will  be  most
useful  in  the  area of Logical  Semantic  relations.  Some fine work  is
being  done  in  that  area  by  linguists  George  Lakoff,  Lauri  Kar-
tunnen,  Georgia  Green,  Jerry  Morgan,  Larry  Home,  Paul  Postal,
Haj   Ross,  Mass-aki  Yamanashi,   Dave  Dowty,  etc.;  by  logicians
Hans  Herzberger,   Bas  van   Fraasen,   Saul   Kripke,  etc.;  and  by
people   in  Artificial   Intelligence   such   as   Roger  Schank,  Terry
Winograd,  etc.  These  kinds  of  images  have  been  useful  to both  of
us  in  representing  and  communicating  our experiences  in therapy.

Appendix  A   /  209
FOOTNOTES  FOR  APPENDIX  A
1.   For  a  fuller  presentation  of the  theory  of transformational  grammar,
see  Chomsky  (1957),  (1965);  Grinder  and   Elgin  (1973);  Langacker  (1973);
etc.
2.   For  a  fuller  discussion,  see any introductory  logic text; for example,
Tarsky  (1943),  Kripke  (1972).
3.   Because it is.
4.  Since  there  is  no  limit  to  the  number  of times  that  we  may  choose
rule  of  derivation  (a),  there  is no  longer sequence of lines, and, therefore,  the
set  of  lines  generated  is  infinite.  Actually,  if you  examine  the  structure  of the
set  of  rules  of  derivation,  you'll  find  that  the  axiom  expands  into  itself; that
is,  the  symbol  *,  appears  on  both  sides  of  the  re-write  arrow.  The  symbol,
therefore,  is  constantly  replacing  itself.  This  property  of rule  system  is  called
recursion;  it  guarantees  that  the  set  will  generate  an  infinite  set  of  lines  of
derivation.
5.  This   is   actually   incomplete   as   the   verb  admit  goes  into  a  tree
structure  in  which  the  verb  is  followed  by  two NP nodes; we  will  correct this
later.
6.   What   is   going   on   in   the   sentences   listed   is  that  the  structural
requirements  of  the  verbs  involved  are  being  violated.  For  example,  the  verb
laugh   requires   that   it   not   be   followed   by   some   noun  phrase.   In  more
traditional  grammatical  terms,  the  verb  laugh  is  an  intransitive  verb;  it  takes
no  direct  object.
7.  What  is  going  on  in  the  sentences  listed  is  that the  meaning require-
ments,  or  the  selectional  restrictions  of the  verbs,  are  being  violated.  Verbs
such  as  laugh  and  admit  require  that  their  subjects  be  human  (or,  at  least,
animate).
8.   If you are able to,  phone us and charge  it to the publisher.
9.   See   any   introductory   treatment   of   the   predicate   calculas;   for
example,  in the sources  listed  in  Footnote  6.
10.   Notice  that  the  transformation  itself  created  the  constituent  struc-
ture  which  we  could  not  account  for  by  the  rules  of  derivation  for  DEEP.
Specifically,  the  sub-tree
NP
by

210  I  Appendix  A
11.  The similarities and differences in different  classes of rules are studied
in   Automata  Theory,   and   the   results  of  this  field   have   been  extremely
important  in  linguistics,  both  in  evaluating older  models  of  language structure
and  in  developing  new  models.  See,  for  example,  T.  L.  Booth's  Sequential
Machines  and  Automata   Theory   (John  Wiley  and   Sons,   Inc.,  1967).  For
comments  on  the  relationship  and  importance  of  results  in  this  field  to  the
field  of  linguistics,  see  Chomsky,  and  G.  A.  Miller  (1958,  1963),  Chomsky
(1959a, 1959b, 1963).
12.  Once  again,  we  are simplifying  here; for example, the  PP at /7Tin a
more  complete  analysis  would  be  identified  as  itself  being  derived  from  an
entire  sentence  in  Deep Structure.

Appendix  B
SYNTACTIC  ENVIRONMENTS   FOR   IDENTIFYING
NATURAL  LANGUAGE   PRESUPPOSITIONS
IN  ENGLISH
Our  purpose  in  presenting  the  material  in  this  appendix  is  to
indicate  the  scope  and  complexity  of  the  natural   language  phe-
nomenon  of  presuppositions.  In  addition,  by  listing  some  of  the
more  common   syntactic  environments  in  which  presuppositions
occur  we  provide  an  opportunity  to  practice  for  those  students
who  are   interested   in  sharpening  their  intuitions  in  recognizing
presuppositions.  The  list  of  syntactic  environments  is  not  exhaus-
tive,  and  we  will  not  attempt  to  present  any  of the  theories which
have  been  proposed  by  different  linguists,  logicians,  semanticists,
or  philosophers  to  account for  presuppositions.  Rather,  our  objec-
tive  is  more practical.
At   the   present  time,   presuppositions  are  a  major  focus  of
study  for  a  number  of  linguists,  especially  linguists  who  consider
themselves  Generative  Semanticists.  In  compiling  this  list  of  syn-
tactic  environments,  we  have  borrowed  heavily  from  the  work  of
Lauri  Kartunnen.  See  the  Bibliography for sources.
1.     Simple  Presuppositions.
These  are  syntactic  environments  in  which  the  existence  of
some  entity  is  required  for the  sentence  to  make  sense  (to  be
either true  or false).
(a)    Proper  Names.
(George  Smith  left  the  party  early.)          "-(There
exists  someone  named  George  Smith)  where       »•
means presupposes

212/ Appendix B
(b)     Pronouns.  Her,  him,  they
(I   saw  him   leave.)            >~(There  exists  some  male
[i.e.,  him])
(c)     Definite  Descriptions.
(I   liked  the  woman  with  the  silver  earrings.)         «•
(There  exists  a  woman  with  silver earrings.)
(d)    Generic  Noun  Phrases.
Noun   arguments   standing  for  a  whole   class.  (If
wombats  have  no  trees  to  climb  in,  they  are  sad.)
(There  are  wombats.)
(e)     Some  Quantifiers.   All,   each,   every,  some,  many,   few,
none
(If   some   of  the   dragons   show   up,   I'm   leaving.)
*-(There  are  dragons.)
2.      Complex  Presuppositions.
Cases  in  which  more  than  the  simple  existence  of an  element
is presupposed.
(a)     Relative  Clauses.
Complex   noun   arguments,  with  a  noun  followed
by   a  phrase  beginning  with   who,   which,   or  that.
[Several  of  the  women  who  had  spoken  to  you  left
the  shop.)             ^-(Several  women  had  spoken  to
you.)
(b)     Subordinate  Clauses  of Time.
Clauses  identified   by  the  cue  words  before,  after,
during,   as,   since,  prior,   when,   while  (If  the  judge
was  home  when  I  stopped by her house,  she  didn't
answer  her  door.)           »~(l  stopped  by  the  judge's
house.)
(c)     Cleft  Sentence.                                  rwasi
Sentences  beginning  with  It  t  is   /  noun  argument,
(It   was   the   extra   pressure   which   shattered   the
window.)                   ^(Something     shattered      the
window.)
(d)     Psuedo-Cleft  Sentences.
Identified  by  the  form,  What  [Sentence]   is  [sen-
tence]  (What Sharon  hopes to  do  is to  become  well
liked.)          *-(Sharon  hopes  to  do  something.)
(e)     Stressed  Sentences.
Voice    stress    (If    Margaret    has   talked    to   THE
POLICE,    we're   finished.)              »-(Margaret    has
talked  to  someone.)

Appendix B /  213
(f)      Complex  Adjectives.  New,  old,  former,  present,  previous
(If  Fredo  wears  his  new  ring,  I'll  be  blown  away.)
»-(Fredo  had/has  an  old  ring.)
(g)     Ordinal   Numerals.   First,   second,  third,  fourth,  another
(If  you  can  find  a third  clue  in  this  letter,  I'll  make
you  a  mosquito  pie.)            »-(There  are  two  clues
already  found.)
(h)    Comparatives, -er,  more,  less
(If  you  know  better  riders  than  Sue  does,  tell  me
who   they   are.)            »-(Sue  knows  [at  least]   one
rider.)  (If  you  know  better  riders  than  Sue  is,  tell
me  who  they  are.)          »~(Sue  is a  rider.)
(i)       Comparative  As.  Asx  as.  ..
(If  her  daughter  is as  funny as  her  husband  is,  we'll
all  enjoy  ourselves.)           *~(Her  husband  is funny.)
(j)     Repetitive  Cue Words.  Too,  also,  either,  again,  back
(If  she  tells  me  that again,  I'll  kiss  her.)           »-(She
has told  me that  before.)
(k)    Repetitive  Verbs and  Adverbs.
Verbs  and  adverbs  beginning  with  re-,  e.g.,  repeat-
edly,   return,   restore,   retell,   replace,   renew,   (If  he
returns before  I  leave,  I  want to talk  to  him.)        —
(He  has  been  here  before.)
(I)      Qualifiers.  Only,  even,  except,  just
(Only   Amy   saw   the   bank  robbers.)            »-(Amy
saw  the  bank  robbers.)
(m)   Change-of-Place  Verbs.  Come,  go,  leave,  arrive,  depart,
enter
(If  Sam  has  left  home,  he  is  lost.)           »-(Sam  has
been  at  home.)
(n)    Change-of-Time  Verbs  and   Adverbs.  Begin,  end,  stop,
start,   continue,  proceed,  already,  yet,  still,   anymore
(My  bet  is  that  Harry  will  continue  to  smile.)       +-
(Harry  has  been  smiling.)
(o)     Change-of-State   Verbs.    Change,   transform,   turn   into,
become
(If  Mae  turns  into  a  hippie,  I'll  be  surprised.)        »-
(Mae  is not  now  a hippie.)
(p)    Factive    Verbs    and    Adjectives.    Odd,    aware,    know,
realize,  regret
(It   is   odd  that   she   called   Maxine   at   midnight.)
»-(She  called  Maxine  at  midnight.)

214 I Appendix B
(q)    Commentary   Adjectives  and  Adverbs.  Lucky,  fortun-
ately,  far  out,  out  of sight,  groovy,  bitchin,  .  .  .  inno-
cently, happily, necessarily
(It's   far   out   that   you   understand   your   dog's
feelings.)             »-(You    understand    your   dog's
feelings.)
(r)     Counterfactual  Conditional  Clauses.
Verbs    having   subjunctive    tense.    {If  you   had
listened to me and your father, you wouldn't be in
the  wonderful  position you're  in  now.)          »-(You
didn't listen to me and your father.)
(s)    Contrary-to-Expectation  Should.
(If  you  should  [happen  to]   decide  you  want  to
talk  to  me,  I'll  be  hanging  out  in  the  city  dump.)
»-(l  don't  expect you  want to  talk  to  me.)
(t)     Selectional  Restrictions.
(If    my    professor   gets   pregnant,    I'll    be    disap-
pointed.)          *-(My  professor  is a woman.)
(u)    Questions.
(Who   ate   the   tapes?)              »-(Someone   ate   the
tapes.)  (I  want  to  know  who  ate  the  tapes.)        *-
(Someone  ate  the  tapes.)
(v)     Negative Questions.
(Didn't  you  want  to  talk  to  me?)         *~(\  thought
that  you  wanted  to  talk  to  me.)
(w)    Rhetorical  Questions.
(Who  cares  whether  you  show  up  or  not?)        *-
(Nobody  cares whether you  show  up or not.)
(x)    Spurious Not.
(I  wonder  if  you're not  being a little  unfair.)        *-
(I  think that you're  being unfair.)

Glossary
Ambiguity:  The   name  of  the  experience  that  people  have  with
sentences  that   mean  more  than  one  thing,  e.g.,  Murdering
peasants  can  be  dangerous.  This  sentence  is  understood  by
native  speakers  of  English  in two ways:  (1)  where the  peasants
mentioned  are  doing  the  murdering,  and  (2)  where  the  peas-
ants  mentioned  are  being  murdered.  In  the  transformational
model  of  language, a Surface Structure  is said  to be ambiguous
if it  can  be derived from  more than  one  Deep Structure.
Analogical:  An  adjective  which  describes  any  process  which  is
continuous  in  nature.  Two of the  best known  forms of analog-
ical communication  are body expression  and  voice tone.
Completeness:   A  logical  semantic  property  of  the  full  linguistic
representation,  the   Deep  Structure.   Surface  Structures  are
complete   if   they    represent   every    portion   of   the   Deep
Structure.
Deep  Structure:  The full  linguistic  representation  from  which  the
Surface Structures of the  language  are derived.
Deletion:   One  of  the  three  universals  of  human  modeling;  the
process  by  which  selected  portions  of the  world  are  excluded
from  the  representation  created  by the  person modeling. With-
in  language  systems,  deletion  is a transformational  process  in
which  portions  of the  Deep  Structure  are  removed and, there-
fore, do not  appear  in  the Surface Structure  representation.
Digital:  An  adjective  which  describes any  process which  is discrete
in  nature.  The  best  known  digital  communication  system  is
language.

216/  Glossary
Distortion:  One  of  the  three  universals  of  human  modeling;  the
process  by which  the relationships which  hold  among the  parts
of  the  model  are  represented differently from  the  relationships
which  they  are  supposed  to  represent.  One  of  the  most  com-
mon  examples  of distortion  in  modeling  is  the  representation
of a  process by an event. Within  language systems, this is called
nominalization.
Enrichment:  The  process  of  increasing  the  number  of distinctions
in  a  model.  In  therapy,  the  process  by  which  a  person  comes
to  have  more  choices  in  his behavior.
Explicit:   Presented   in  a  step-by-step   manner;  not  relying  on
interpretation.
Extentional:  Definition  by a listing of each  specific  member of the
category being defined.
Formal:   Used  in  two  senses  in  this  book:  (1)  explicit;  (2)  inde-
pendent  of content.
Generalization:  One  of  the  three  universals  of  human  modeling;
the  process  by  which  a  specific  experience  comes to  represent
the entire  category of which  it is a  member.
Impoverishment:  The  process  of  limiting  the  number  of  distinc-
tions  in  a  model.  In  therapy,  the  process  by  which  a  person
comes  to  have  a  small  number  of  choices  or  no  choice  in  his
behavior.
Intensional:  Definitional  by  a  characteristic(s)  of  the  members  of
the  category  being  defined  rather  than  by  listing  the  specific
members.
Intuition:  Consistent  judgments  made  by  people  (typically,  with-
out  an  explanation  of  how  these  judgments  are  made). Within
language  systems,  the  ability  of  native  speakers  of  a  language
to   make  consistent  judgments  about  the  sentences  of  their
language;  for  example,  their  ability  to  decide which  sequences
of  words  in  their  language  are  well-formed  sentences.  A  classic
example  of human  rule-governed  behavior.
Meta-model:  A  representation  of  a  representation  of  something.
For  example,   language  is  a  representation  of  the  world  of
experience;  transformational  grammar  is  a  representation  of
language and, therefore, a Meta-model.
Model/Modeling:   A  representation  of  something/the   process  of
representing  something; a  map, for example.  A  process  which
involves  the  three  processes  of Generalization, Distortion, and
Deletion.
Nominalization:  The  linguistic  representation  of  a  process  by  an
event.

Glossary  /  217
Presupposition:  A  basic  underlying  assumption  which  is  necessary
for a  representation  to  make sense. Within  language systems, a
sentence  which  must  be  true for some other sentence to  make
sense.
Reference  Structure:  The  sum  total  of  experiences  in  a  person's
life  history.  Also,  the  fullest  representation  from  which  other
representations  within  some  system  are  derived; for  example,
the   Deep  Structure   serves  as  the   Reference  Structure  for
Surface Structure.
Representation:  An  image  of  something  which  is  different  from
the thing itself; a map, a model.
Rule-Governed  Behavior:  Behavior  which  is systematic and  can  be
represented  explicitly  by  a  set  of  rules.  In  the  case  of  human
rule-governed  behavior,  no  awareness  of  the  rules  is  necessary.
Semantics:  The study  of  meaning.
Synonymy:  The  name  of the  experience  which  people  have  with
sentences of distinct form  which  have  the  same meaning; e.g.,
The cat chased the rat and  The rat was chased by the cat.  In
the   transformational   model  of  language,  two  or  more  sen-
tences  are  said  to  be  synonymous  if they  are  derived from  the
same Deep Structure.
Syntax:  The  study  of  the  order  and  patterning  of  elements  of  a
system.  Within  language, the study  of the order and  patterning
of words and  phrases.
Surface  Structure:  The  sentences,  derived  from  Deep  Structure,
which  native speakers of the  language  speak and write.
Well-Formed:   Meeting  some  set  of  conditions  about  form;  e.g.,
well-formed  in  English, well-formed  in therapy.



Bibliography
In   this  bibliography,   our   purpose   is  to  provide  references
which  will  allow  you  to  pursue  any  interests  of  which  you  have
become  aware  in reading our book.  We  have divided the  references
into three sections:
Section  I.
Transformational  Grammar
Section II.
Therapy
Section III.
Modeling/Formal  Systems/Epistemology
In  each  of  these sections, we identify a small  number of works
which  we  have  found  particularly  useful  in  developing  our  own
models.  The  references  given  are  not  exhaustive,  nor  are  they  the
only  places  where  the  ideas  they  contain  can  be found.  We  hope
you   enjoy  your  reading.  If  you  know  of  other  reference  works
which  you  have  found  particularly  clear and  useful  in your experi-
ence  in  these  areas,  we  would  each  appreciate  hearing from  you
about  them.  Finally,  if  you  wish  to  pursue  some  idea  or  line  of
thought  or  experience  set  off  by our  book  and  the  bibliography  is
inadequate  for  your  purposes,  write  to  us  and  we  will  each try  to
suggest  references for you.
META-MODELS
c/o Science  and  Behavior  Books,  Inc.
P.O.  Box  11457
Palo Alto, CA 94306

220 / Bibliography
I.    Transformational  Grammar
A.   Basic  References
Bach,  E.  Syntactic  Theory.  New York:  Holt,  Rinehart  and
Winston,  Inc.,  1974.  A carefully  presented  overview of
syntax as done by transformationalists.
Chomsky,  N.  Syntactic  Structures.  The  Hague:  Mouton,
1957.   The  book   which   established   the  transforma-
tional  model  in  linguistics;  the  style  Chomsky  uses  is
difficult  for  many  readers.  The  portions  of  the  book
most  connected  with  the  Meta-model  are  the  Preface;
Chapters 2, 3, 5, 6, 8; and the Summary.
Chomsky,  N. Aspects of the  Theory of Syntax.  Cambridge,
Mass.:  MIT  Press,  1965.  This  is  one  of the most acces-
sible  descriptions  of  the  linguistic  model  from  which
we  have  borrowed  heavily.  Again,  some  readers  find
the  author's  style  difficult.  We  especially  recommend
Chapters 1  and 2.
Chomsky,  N.  Language  and  Mind.  New  York:  Harcourt
Brace   Jovanovich,   Inc.,   1968.   Four   lectures  which
Chomsky  gave  as  a visiting  professor  at  Berkeley;  less
technical  than  his other two works we list.
Grinder,  J.,  and  Elgin,  S.  A   Guide  to  Transformational
Grammar.   New  York:   Holt,  Rinehart  and  Winston,
1973.  A  very  comprehensive  overview  of  the  entire
field  of  transformational  grammar;  includes summaries
of,  and  commentaries  on,  Chomsky's Syntactic  Struc-
tures  and Aspects.  See especially Chapters 1, 2, 4, 5, 6,
7,8, 10, and  13.
Jacobs,  R.,  and  Rosenbaum,  P.  English  Transformational
Grammar.   Waltham,  Mass.:  Ginn/Blaisdell,  1968.  A
very  readable  work  as  an  introduction to the field; not
particularly  comprehensive.
Langacker,   R.   Language  and  Its  Structure.   New  York:
Harcourt   Brace   Jovanovich,   Inc.,   1967.  A  readable
introduction  which  treats  language  both  by  the  trans-
formational  model  and  more generally.
Lyons,  J.   Introduction  to   Theoretical  Linguistics.   Cam-
bridge,  England:  Cambridge  University  Press.  A  schol-
arly  work  which  presents  an  overview  of  language  in
general;   includes  a  section  on  the  transformational
model.
B.   Other Useful Transformational Work
Bever,  T. G.  "The Cognitive  Basis of Linguistic Structure."

Bibliography / 221
In  J.  Hayes  (ed.),  Cognition and the Developments of
Language.  New York:  John  Wiley  and  Sons, 1970. An
excellent  account  of  how  language  as  a  representa-
tional  system  might  be  connected  to  general  modeling
abilities  of  human   beings  —  especially  the  way  that
children develop these abilities.
Fillmore, C. "The  Case for Case."  In  E.  Bach  and  R.  Harms
(eds.),  Universals  in  Linguistic  Theory.   New  York:
Holt,  Rinehart and  Winston,  1968. A  readable account
of  a  somewhat  different  version  of  the  transforma-
tional  model  —  useful  suggestions about  what a com-
plete  representation  of reference structure  might be.
Greene,   G.   "How   to   Get   People   to   Do  Things   With
Words."  In  Papers  from  the  8th  Regional Meeting of
the  Chicago  Linguistic  Society.  Chicago,  III.:  Univer-
sity  of  Chicago,   1970.  An  excellent  example  of  the
Generative  Semantics  approach  which  we feel will con-
tribute  much  to  an  enlarged  Meta-model  for  therapy.
Grinder, J. On Deletion Phenomena in English. The Hague:
Mouton,  1974.  Very  technical; useful for discussion of
different types of deletion.  See Chapters 1, 2, and 3.
Gruber,   J.  "Studies  in  Lexical   Relations."  Unpublished
doctoral  dissertation,  MIT,  1965.  Excellent  suggestion
for  a  complete  representation  of  reference  structures.
Horn,  L.  "A  Presuppositional  Analysis of Only  and  Even."
In   Papers   from   the   5th   Regional  Meeting  of  the
Chicago  Linguistic Society.  Chicago,  III.:  University of
Chicago,  1969.  Another  fine  example  of  the  Genera-
tive  Semantics  type  of research which we feel will con-
tribute to an  enlarged  Meta-model for therapy.
Kartunnen,   L.   "Remarks   on   Presuppositions."   At  the
Texas   Conference   on   Performances,   Conversational
Implicature  and  Presuppositions,  mimeograph,  March
1973.   Kartunnen   has  a  series  of  incisive   papers  on
presuppositional   phenomena  in   English.  We  suggest
you  write  to  him  directly  at  the  University  of  Texas
for  copies.
Katz,  J.  Semantic  Theory.  New  York:  Harper  and  Row,
1972.  A  most  up-to-date account of the  kind  of seman-
tic    theory    most    compatible   with    non-Generative
Semantics transformational  grammar.
Lakoff,  G.   Linguistics  and  Natural  Logic.   Ann  Arbor,
Mich.:  University  of  Michigan,  1970.  A  valuable  com-
pendium  of  some  of  the  more  recent  work  in  Genera-

222  /  Bibliography
tive   Semantics  by   its  most  prolific  spokesperson.  G.
Lakoff   is   presently   at   the   University   of  California,
Berkeley.
McCawley,   J.   "Lexical   Insertion   in   a  Transformational
Grammar."   In  Papers  from   the  4th  Regional  Meeting
of the  Chicago  Linguistic  Society.  Chicago,  III.:  Univer-
sity  of  Chicago,  1968.  One  of  the  initial  articles  estab-
lishing  Generative  Semantics;  good  suggestions  about
the  representation  of  reference  structures.
Postal,  P.  "On  the  Derivation  of Pseudo-Adjectives."  Paper
delivered   to   the  44th   Annual   Meeting  of  the   LSA,
1969.
Postal,   P.  "On   the  Surface   Verb   Remind."   In   Linguistic
Inquiry,   1;  1:37-120.   Postal's  work   is  highly  theoret-
ical;  the  first  reference  has  excellent  examples  of  the
patterns  of  derivation  as  Deep Structure  Predicates  are
mapped  into  Surface  Structure  Adjectives.  The  second
reference   is  very   useful  in  making  suggestions  about
the  representation  of  reference  structures.
Ross,  J.  R.  "On  Declarative  Sentences."  In  R.  Jacobs  and
P.   Rosenbaum,  Readings  in   English   Transformational
Grammar.  Waltham,  Mass.:  Ginn/Blaisdell,  1970.  This
is  the  linguistic  basis for  the  section  in  Chapter  4  called
The   Last  Performative   and   an   excellent   example  of
linguistic  analysis.
Sapir,  E.  The  Selected  Writing  of Edward Sapir.  D.  Mandel-
baum   (ed.).   University   of  California  Press,  Berkeley,
1963.   One  of  the   classical   linguists  who   had  a  fine
sensitivity  for  modeling.
Searle,  J.  Speech  Acts.   Cambridge,   England:  Cambridge
University   Press,  1969.  A  modern  work  in  pragmatics
with  the  transformational  model  as  a  basis.  Readable.
Whorf,  B.  "Grammatical  Categories."  In  J.  E. Carroll  (ed.),
Language,    Thought   and    Reality.    New   York:    John
Wiley  and  Sons,  1956.  Another  classical  linguist  who
addressed    the    issue    of   the    way    language   shapes
perception.
II.   Therapy
Jackson,   D.  D.  Communication,  Family  and  Marriage.   Palo
Alto:  Science  and  Behavior  Books,  1968.  An  excellent
anthology  containing  the   papers  of  the  MRI/Bateson
research  group.
Jackson,  D.  D.  Therapy,  Communication  and  Change.  Palo

Bibliography  /  223
Alto:  Science  and  Behavior  Books,  1968. An excellent
anthology  containing  the  papers  of  the  MRI/Bateson
research group.
Haley, J. Advanced Techniques of Hypnosis and Therapy:
Selected  Papers  of  Milton  H.  Erickson,  M.D.   New
York:  Grime  and  Stratton,  1967. An  incredible collec-
tion  of  papers  describing  the  powerful  techniques  of
Milton  Erickson.
Haley,  J.  Uncommon  Therapy.   New  York:  Grune  and
Stratton,   1968.   A   valuable  statement  of  Erickson's
powerful  work  with  an  interesting commentary  by  Jay
Haley.
Perls,  F.  The  Gestalt Approach:  Eyewitness  to  Therapy.
Palo Alto:  Science  and  Behavior  Books,  1973.  A  clear
presentation       of      Gestalt      therapy      theoretical
foundations.
Polster,  I.  and  M.  Gestalt  Therapy Integrated.  New York:
Bruner/Mazel,  1973.  A  useful  presentation  of  some of
the  techniques of Gestalt  therapy.
Satir,  V.  Conjoint  Family Therapy.  Palo Alto:  Science and
Behavior  Books,  1964. A  basic  and  most useful text on
family  therapy.
Satir,  V.  Peoplemaking.  Palo  Alto:  Science  and  Behavior
Books,  1972.  An  excellent  and  highly  readable  intro-
duction  to communications  and  therapy.
Watzlawick,  P.;  Beavin,  J.; and  Jackson,  D. Pragmatics of
Human   Communications.   New   York:   W.   Norton,
1967.   A   highly   readable   presentation   of   Bateson's
ideas (e.g., meta-communication).
Watzlawick,  P.;  Weakland,  J.; and  Fisch,  R. Change.  New
York:   W.  Norton,  1974.  An  interesting  attempt  to
integrate  mathematical  models with  patterns of human
change.
III.  Modeling/Formal  Systems/Epistemology
Ashby,  W.  R.  An  Introduction  to  Cybernetics.  Chapman
and  Hall,  Ltd.,  and  University  Paperbacks,  1956.  An
excellent   introduction   to  modelings  and   representa-
tional   systems;   requires   some   mathematical   back-
ground; worth  working through carefully.
Bateson,  G.  Steps  to  an  Ecology  of  Mind.   New  York:
Ballantine   Books,   1972.   We  recommend  this  book
highly;  it  is  a collection  of Bateson's work.  Very  enter-
taining; simultaneously  irrelevant and  profound.

224 / Bibliography
Boyd,   D.  Introduction  to  Systems  Analysis,   (in   press)
1975.    A    highly    readable,    clear    presentation    of
modeling; emphasizes process.
Carnap, R. The Logical Syntax of Language. Totowa, New
Jersey:  Littlefield,  Adams  and  Company,  1959. A for-
mal,  sophisticated  approach  to  linguistic  analysis.  A
highly  technical  piece of work; difficult to  read.
Copi,   I.   Introduction   to  Logic.   New  York:  Macmillan,
1961.    An    excellent   introductory   text   to    logical
systems.
Herzberger,  H.  "The   Logical  Consistency  of  Language."
Harvard  Educational  Review,  35:469-480;  1965.  An
example  of  a  clear  philosophical  analysis of one of the
formal    properties    of    the   human    representational
system  of  language.
Hume, D. Enquiry Concerning Human Understanding. Ox-
ford,   England:   Oxford   University   Press.  A  classical
essay    on    epistemology,    the    process    of    human
modeling.
Korzybski, A. Science and Sanity.  Lakeville, Connecticut:
The  International  Non-Aristotelian  Library  Publishing
Company, 4th  Edition, 1933. The  basic  reference work
for  general  semantics.  Korzybski  understood  and  dis-
cussed     clearly     the     map/territory,     intentional/
extensional  distinctions,...  in  human  modeling.  Read
the  Prefaces,  Part I, and  Part II.
Miller,  G. A.;  Galanter,  E.;  and  Pribram,  K. Plans and the
Structure  of Behavior.  New  York:  Holt,  Rinehart  and
Winston,  Inc.,  1960.  One  of  the  clearest  presentations
of  a  theoretical  basis for  human  behavior;  suggestions
for  a  representational  system  for  reference  structures;
easy and enjoyable reading.
Newell,  A.;  and  Simon,  H. A.  Human  Problem  Solving.
Englewood Cliffs,  New Jersey:  Prentice-Hall,  19.71. An
exciting   excursion   into   the   neurological    basis   for
human  modeling. A  clear presentation.
Russell,  B.  Introduction to Mathematical Philosophy.  Lon-
don,   England:   George  Allen  and  Unwin,  Ltd.,  2nd
Edition,  1921.  A  readable,  clear  presentation  of  some
of  the  more  important  concepts  of  modern  logic,  in-
cluding theory  of logical  types.
Schank,  R.;  and  Colby,  K.  Computer Models  of Thought
and  Language.   San  Francisco:  W. H.  Freeman  and
Company   1973.  A  good,  representative  collection  of

Bibliography  j  225
modeling as done in computer simulations.
Tarski,  A.  Introduction  to  Logic.  New  York:  Oxford  Uni-
versity  Press,  1941.  An  excellent  introduction  to  logi-
cal   systems,  a  very   readable  style,   no  background
required.
Vaihinger,   H.    The   Philosophy   of   "As   If."   London,
England:  Routledge,  Kegan  and  Paul, Ltd.,  1924.  An
excellent  source  for  discussions of human  modeling.  F.
Perls   claimed   Vaihinger   supplied   the   philosophical
foundations for  his  Gestalt therapy.
Watzlawick,  P.;  Beavin,  J.; and  Jackson,  D. Pragmatics of
Human Communication.  New York: W. W. Norton and
Company,  1967.  A very  readable, clear  presentation  of
some  of  the  basic  ideas  of  communication  with  con-
nections to  systems analysis.