# Transcript: me_n_nicole_audiobook

Everybody, everybody, I wanna welcome you to Nicole's Hour of Power study session, uh, parables, metaphors,
parable, fairables, fables, and other fairy tales to take us to places that we couldn't even tell.
So we wanna th- thank you, you.
We wanna thank every- thank you, Nicole.
Thank you, everybody.
Thank you for your support.
Thank you for your Patreon.
Thank you for your super chats.
Uh, Josh from Tennessee, thank you for your super chat, Josh.
Very nice.
J- J- Josh coming through with two super chats.
All right, Josh, no more.
We gotta start reading now.
Everybody buckle in.
Here we go.
The power of belief.
One e- Is e- everyone...
Everybody just let me know when your seatbelts are fastened.
Yeah, I'm buckling my seatbelt on.
Okay.
We want everyone to have a very comfortable journey.
You're gonna have to stay calm.
There will be turbulence on this trip.
Okay.
One evening- You there?
One evening, one evening, a man came home and
announced that he was dead.
How the fuck I'm dead?
What the fucking bitch?
Immediately, some of his neighbors tried to show him how stupid this is.
What a foolish notion this was.
"Hey," he walked.
"Dead man cannot move themselves." He was thinking, Chong.
He was fucking thinking, man.
He's using his brain, cousin.
Yo, his brain is working, man.
He's breathing.
Yo, after all this shit, man, he's living, bro.
Yeah, he's, he's living but, but, but none of these arguments ha- had any effect, to teach.
No matter what reason was brought to bear against his position, no matter how sensible the arguments, the man maintained that
he was dead, fully blown dead.
He blocked their thrust with his ingenious skill.
He seemed to have a way of constantly putting the burden of proof on the other.
He never quite came right out and said, "Prove it," but that was the message implied, not
so much as how he answered, but by the, the why he, the way he avoided giving any answer at all.
Every now and then, someone thought, "Now, I've pinned him down, that son of a bitch.
I've got him.
I've got him in a headlock." Now, having brought evidence so obvious no one could deny it, but then he would use his trump card.
Hey, hey, hey, hey there, guys.
Hey there, girl.
Nicole, if I am dead, you do not exist either, since surely the living do not traffic with the fucking dead.
The fucking tripping girl.
And the dead don't talk to the living.
So I'm dead.
You can't be here either because the dead don't talk to the living.
Duh.
All right.
Eventually, most of his friends and neighbors quit arguing, and the handful who were left, including his own family, became increasingly afraid.
They started wondering about this dude.
They, they started praying.
They started exercising on multiple ways.
Several reached the same conclusion.
This had gone on too far.
Or at the very least, he was suffering from some sort of crazy, erratic mental process.
Exhausted from work, probably.
Selling too much fucking insurance.
A brain tumor?
He needs a rest.
We'll call his doctor.
Yo, yo, Chong, man, I know his doctor real good, man.
We can shut up Cheech.
Perhaps a psychiatrist, cousin.
Yo, we can get that new fucking, fucking technological weed, man.
The, the man, however, was not upset by these suggestions.
He shrugged them off without reply and finally said, "Uh, I don't know what's the matter with all of you.
It's just so absurd to think of a dead man as, as tired, uh, uh, let alone sick.
You, you think a dead man would be sick or a dead man would be, would get tired?
You, you don't know nothing about being dead.
Y'all bringing me to a doctor.
Y'all don't know nothing about being dead." His wife, almost literally beside herself, took
to carrying on a dialogue within.
If he believes this, then how can he say that?
If-
If he does that, how can he think this?
As the mixture of fear and frustration thickened, it was finally agreed that
outside help must be called in.
A psychiatrist was invited over to interview him immediately upon request.
Sitting in a chair, she made herself very comfortable, noticing the texture and cooling sensation of the
nice, smooth, cool leather chair on her fingertips.
How cool and soft the leather really was.
She allowed her fingers to just go on and begin to explore.
Let her go on.
A little finger walk, you could say.
You could say his wife almost literally beside herself stroked the leather of the couch
with her fingertips.
After some preliminary greetings, a
few routine questions, the doctor asked to see this man alone.
The man readily agreed.
The two went to the other room and closed the door.
Now and then, an elevated voice broadcast itself over the machines.
Although nothing could be understood, it was clear, however, that the voice they heard was getting louder, always belonged to the clinician.
It's almost done.
Some time later, both men emerged.
The doctor had his jacket over his arm.
His necktie had been loosened and his collar opened.
In fact, the button was no longer there on his collar.
As for the man, he seemed totally unchanged.
Hopelessly psychotic, muttered the psychiatrist.
You will have to be committed and locked up.
He has lost all awareness of reality.
If you want, I'll call the hospital and see if they have a room.
Now, now, now, really, said the man calmly.
What kind of therapy would you prescribe for a dead man?
Surely, sir, if it were known that you had tried to cure
a man who is not even alive, talk about loosening one's grip on reality, sir.
The doctor started to answer, caught himself, and then, with a measured calm, he said
to the others, I haven't finished dinner yet.
If you want me to call the hospital, give me a ring.
A clergyman was brought in.
The family minister was unavailable.
Which type would be best, the modern kind or the good old-fashioned kind?
Let's fight fire with fire, someone said, and as it happened that evening, a well-known evangelist Is this dragging
on?
I thought this one Maybe I'm reading it too slow.
It's only one more page, but I'm sorry.
Let's take It's not good?
You don't like it?
Okay, sorry.
No, I I'm listening.
All right.
The man thinks he's dead.
Right.
You know, men go through these phases when they're all alone.
Oh, boy.
They said he had a wife.
Who has a wife?
Nicole?
No, the man.
What man?
That thinks he's dead.
No, he thinks his wife is an illusion in his mind.
He thinks that she's not real because he's dead, and how can he be talking to his wife if he's dead?
That's what he said.
Oh, okay, okay.
All right, so a clergyman was immediately brought forward.
The family minister, Tatum, was suddenly unavailable.
Which type would be best?
The modern kind of exorcism, who had some sophistication about psychological problems, or
perhaps a good old-fashioned fundamentalist?
Let's fight fire with fire, someone said.
As it had happened, the evening a well-known evangelist was in town to speak at a nearby theater.
Oh When she had heard about the problem, she rushed over, thinking how her success might be used to introduce, introduce
the show.
Once again, the group was left to the strain after the voices behind a closed door.
Again, nothing that could be heard, nothing audible.
Again, the rising tone.
And again, never the man's voice was rising.
The time the clergyman came out alone, stopped, looked at everyone, nervously kissed his
little black book, and bolted out of the door.
Oh, Lord, she said to herself under her breath.
Heavens has mercy, she said.
Several cautiously peeked into the room.
Nicole could be seen looking around the corner, watching the man who was fast asleep.
Nicole knew that she could not be seen while she was hiding behind the bush.
It was now decided that the family doctor should be called.
He had known the man since he was a little boy.
And besides being a physician with a reputation for patience and skill, he was respected everywhere for his wisdom.
He came quickly.
And after one or two questions, in front of everyone, asked the man in a no-nonsense way, Tell
me, tell me, do dead men bleed?
The doctor, looking at the dead man, answered obviously.
Of course not, said the man.
Then, said the doctor, would you allow me to make a small little cut?
Just a little pin prick.
Just a little bit of cutting on your arm.
Say above the elbow.
I will treat it.
There is no reason to worry about infection.
I'll stop the flow immediately.
And we, we, we can see once and all whether you are dead.
Dead men don't get infections, guy.
I keep trying to fucking tell you.
Dead guys don't get infections.
They don't bleed, okay?
You're the doctor.
Doctor, I'm just fucking telling you how it is.
Why am I trying to pay you if I'm telling you?
With everyone watching anxiously, the doctor deftly slit the flesh and blood came spurting
out all over Nicole's face.
No, that's me.
No, it's not.
All over Nicole's Never mind.
Leave Nicole out of it.
The blood came spurting out.
There was a gasp of joy throughout the group.
Some laughed.
Others even applauded.
Though the few seemed rather to be relieved.
The doctor quickly dressed the wound and turned to everyone saying, Well, well,
well, well, well, well, nitty, nitty, nitty, now, now.
Chicky, chicky, chicky, chicky, chicky, pow, pow.
Everyone, I hope that puts an end to this foolishness.
Everyone was congratulating the physician when they suddenly realized that the man was headed
for the door.
As he had opened it, he turned to the group and he said, I
see now that I was wrong.
Then, as he turned to leave, he added, Dead men, in
fact, do bleed.
Wow.
You like it?
Yeah.
Wow.
Wasn't that something?
Wow.
Talk about holding on to your belief.
Do you know anyone like that where besides me, like other people that you know that you just can't shake a
stick at them because
You could just prove to them it's the summertime and they'll just, if their mind's made up it's winter.
Or maybe that's too extreme.
No, I'm sorta like that.
I'm like that.
Or you, I think you're like that too.
Nicole, what should I do if a man puts his hands on me?
It depends on how he puts his hands on you.
I mean, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
First of all, like my parents never had to give me this talk because I'm a straight, light-skinned male.
I mean, no, no need to worry about that.
Right.
So- So who put their, both of them put their hands on you?
Me and, uh, yeah, maybe we shouldn't talk, maybe we shouldn't talk about this while they're creep-
Okay ...
creeping and crawling by the front of the door.
She heard a sound, a creak.
It was the floorboard of the deck.
Her worst fear had come to life.
No, you have no- And as the doorknob began to rotate slowly to the right, she- You have no fear ...
she could barely breathe in her upper chest, grasping for breath.
Sam picked Nicole up and carried her up the stairs.
Breathe.
Breathe.
Heaven Almighty, Lord Jesus, have her breathe.
Ah, oh, oh.
She gasps for a breath, and as they made their way down the hall, they could hear clearly the door slowly closing
back in with an assured thump.
Nicole, surely confused and bewildered by the oddness of it all, began
to have giant feelings of silly comfort, of silly tickleness, and funny thoughts, and funny
things, and funny ideas, and funny music, and funny movies with funny words, and
funny songs living in her mind.
Movie projector.
And you can paint it up the way you want, Nicole.
If you wanna add a rabbit in there, if you wanna add some-- I know it's Disney, but that doesn't mean they're evil.
This is the movie projector in your mind.
We're just making-- We're testing the colors.
We wanna test the focus.
We wanna test the resolution.
We wanna test the balance of the slides.
We wanna test several of these key components before allowing you to just run off and just use this bad boy.
By the way, I must remind you, this is not your toy.
This is property, this is property of the university, and must be treated as such.
We expect that you will treat it with respect, and we know that you will.
Now again, the dean will be gone all next week.
We will be giving you the time traveling device on Friday night.
You have 15 days from the time that you receive until the time you must be brought
back.
Your mission, Nicole Tatum, is to travel into the future, engage
with the robots, and come back with the flash drive.
It's easy, but not everyone can do it.
You have what it takes.
You were made for this.
You were born.
You have skills that you don't know, micro muscles that are latently laying there, laying there, filled with
power.
All right, everyone, I wanna thank our special guest, uh, Nicole.
Everyone, Nicole Tatum.
Oh, everyone.
And the prolific, uh, voice that is so good with audiobooks.
Let's give it up for Sam.
Sam, the man.
Oh, no.
With the wonderful voice.
Oh, no.
What a gift.
Nicole, you need to go to s- s-- We need to go to- I'm there.
Yeah, it's late.
We both need to go to sleep.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Thank you for hanging out- Thank- ...
and not being a podcast.
Thank you.
Thank you for being my friend and having a podcast.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Good night, Nicole.
Good night, Sam.
Sweet dreams.
Sweet dreams
She gasps for a breath, and as they made their way down the hall, they could hear clearly the door slowly closing
back in with an assured thump.
Nicole, surely confused and bewildered by the oddness of it all, began
to have giant feelings of silly comfort, of silly tickleness, and funny thoughts, and funny
things, and funny ideas, and funny music, and funny movies with funny words, and
funny songs living in her mind.
Movie projector.
And you can paint it up the way you want, Nicole.
If you wanna add a rabbit in there, if you wanna add some-- I know it's Disney, but that doesn't mean they're evil.
This is the movie projector in your mind.
We're just making-- We're testing the colors.
We wanna test the focus.
We wanna test the resolution.
We wanna test the balance of the slides.
We wanna test several of these key components before allowing you to just run off and just use this bad boy.
By the way, I must remind you, this is not your toy.
This is property, this is property of the university, and must be treated as such.
We expect that you will treat it with respect, and we know that you will.
Now again, the dean will be gone all next week.
We will be giving you the time traveling device on Friday night.
You have 15 days from the time that you receive until the time you must be brought
back.
Your mission, Nicole Tatum, is to travel into the future, engage
with the robots, and come back with the flash drive.
It's easy, but not everyone can do it.
You have what it takes.
You were made for this.
You were born.
You have skills that you don't know, micro muscles that are latently laying there, laying there, filled with
power.
All right, everyone, I wanna thank our special guest, uh, Nicole.
Everyone, Nicole Tatum.
Oh, everyone.
And the prolific, uh, voice that is so good with audiobooks.
Let's give it up for Sam.
Sam, the man.
Oh, no.
With the wonderful voice.
Oh, no.
What a gift.
Nicole, you need to go to s- s-- We need to go to- I'm there.
Yeah, it's late.
We both need to go to sleep.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Thank you for hanging out- Thank- ...
and not being a podcast.
Thank you.
Thank you for being my friend and having a podcast.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Good night, Nicole.
Good night, Sam.
Sweet dreams.
Sweet dreams
