 The key to your success is confidence, confidence in yourself. The key to your success is confidence in your ability to get up early in the morning. Get shower then dressed and shave your face and put on your best clothing and best dressed suit. Make sure you have your sales material and your route printed. Make your appointments and sales materials then get inside the car, warm the car, get inside the car. Your key to success is confidence. Whatever you truly want to make many big sales, one at a time, correctly, easily, smoothly, properly, and enhance your motivation, confidence and morale. Times 10. Confident that you can and will, selling application, selling insurance, fill out the application. Your goals through the power of your own mind make help them to make up her own mind and sign the application and get avoided check. Her husband, the power of your own thoughts, he's decided to fill out the application and give you his voided check also. They are so happy they want to look at their life insurance and investments. What you tell yourself has the greatest power over your life. As you look through the papers and see the quail health questions and the values of the accounts, you notice their beneficiaries and their application and the back of their policies, what you tell yourself determines whether you feel cheerful, or gloomy and worried. You've already made completed two sales already and they are excited and hopeful and they are looking forward to doing maybe two or three more. They're excited and cheerful and there's nothing to lose. Everything is going on the way up. And the way that you feel, whether you feel joyous, or sad, or worried, determines to a great extent the health and well-being of your physical body. Yes, you exercise very well and drink the best drinks and sleep greatly and when you at work, you are bothered, you are not bothered. What you tell yourself has enormous impact on your life. You can do anything you've put your mind to. Sam, you can do anything that you visualize. Sam, you can do anything that you write down on paper. What you tell yourself ultimately determines what you are and are not able to do. Sam, you are able to do anything that your heart desires as long as it's in a line with the Lord. Sam, you can do anything that you have so heart desire to say the word and it's so be so. Sam, you can do anything that you want to do. So long as you say it and write it down and keep track of it. Now tell yourself that your life is just starting. My life is just starting and that from this day on and from this day on, you will begin to live fully. My life is just starting and from this day on, I will begin to live fully. Moment by moment and really appreciate and enjoy being alive each moment. All yourself that you will no longer worry unnecessarily. You will no longer worry either about things that happened in the past and you will no longer worry about what might happen in the future. Unless there is something constructed that you could do now to change them. Because the past and the future exist only in our thoughts. Life exists only in each and every moment. If you spend your moments worrying about past or future, these moments which are your life pass you by. So, value the moments, value each moment. Stay present in the moment. Stay present on each moment of each day. Let yourself become deeply involved in each moment. Deeply involved in everything that is happening around you. Deeply involved in every moment and less conscious of yourself. More and more at peace with yourself. More and more at peace with yourself and the world. Tell yourself that with each passing day, with each passing day, you will feel happier. I will feel happier. More content, more joyous, more and more cheerful. Because you choose to feel this way by controlling your thinking. Because you feel this way and because you feel this way, life will be more fun. You will enjoy each day and you will become more and more healthy as your body functions easily and attention free environments. And you become more and more healthy as your body functions easily and attention free environments. I am day by day, let yourself feel more and more alive, more energetic and at the same time, less tense, less nervous, less worried, less anxious, less tense, less, less worried, more anxious. Tell yourself that your mind and body are relaxed, calm and you are at peace with the universe. And because you are calm and at ease, you will have greater energy and your mind will be clearer and sharper and more focused. Consequently, you will be able to see problems in perspective and handle them easily, efficiently, effectively and confidently, without becoming bothered or tired out. Above all, stop telling yourself that you can't do something that you very much want to do. Stop telling yourself that you can't win with the internet. Stop telling yourself that you can't do great with computers. Stop telling yourself that you can't get the money now. Stop telling yourself that you can't change now and go back to the way it was now. As long as you tell yourself that you can't do something, you can't. Instead, tell yourself that even you can't lose you can say that I can't lose. I can't lose! I can't be driven off my destiny, I can't lose and I can't be stopped from living out my highest destiny. I can't lose and I can't stop from living out to my highest purpose and highest destiny. I can't lose and I can't stop from living out to my highest purpose and highest destiny! When you tell yourself that you can can and will, you have taken the first step towards accomplishing what you want to accomplish, and you will find that you can and will accomplish your goal, all of them. These things that you will now be telling yourself will begin to affect your life more and more. They will affect the way that you feel about yourself and the way that you feel about your life. And consequently, they affect every aspect of your life. And that continues peace and serenity are taking you over peace and serenity are taking you over inside and out, creating a special state of internal harmony of peace and serenity, that is right. That is right. As you continue to sit here and listen to me right now, there is a center core within your unconscious mind, right. That's logical and rational and cool and collected, right? Now come, right and relaxed, right and clever, right and wise, your unconscious mind is the one that wants you to heal and to recover and to get well as a whole person, right? That's right. Your unconscious is very intelligence, right and very knowledgeable, right? In fact, it knows so much that your conscious mind doesn't even know how much it doesn't know, correct? Right? This core within your unconscious mind, right, has always been there with you, right? Since you did time you were a child, it has helped you survive difficult predicaments in the past and we will continue to help you in the future, right? People refer to the center core of your unconscious as the inner guide, right? The inner, internal, internal advisor, right now. Some refer to it as the higher self as others, the guardian angel. But regardless of the name of what it is, right, or how you call it, right? It has this very special function, right, of guiding you from within, right? To continue, right, to find your own way, right, for self-actualization, right now, your own way to learn, right now, the difference between the past and the present. This will allow you to remember, right? What you need to remember, right? About the past and what happened to you? And when you do remember, in fact, you have been in an ingenious survivor, right? Rather than evict them, of an unfortunate circumstance, right? That's right, right? And now you can let go of these memories, right? I know that you have memories in the past, right? You know that you don't have to be the memories themselves, right? That's right. That's right. That's right. You can be free of the past and live better in the present. Worryed out, adaptively, more coping, more effectively, and taking with the task of daily living. Knowing that every day, in every way, you are continuing to get better and continuing to get better, to see things more clearly, knowing that you are moving forward, becoming stronger, wiser, moving forward, becoming wiser, improving your understanding of life and the purpose of living in your special role and your family and society. You continue to strive for accomplishments, but at the same time, strike a very special balance between your character, your career, your life and your family life. You strike a very special balance between time and energy, you spend in accomplishing your goals, and the time and energy you spend in protecting and improving your relationships with other people. In doing that now, you learn to accept yourself as you are, right? Respect your thinking, right? Respect your feelings, right? Respect your emotions, right now, and develop a sense of pride in self-worth, right now. You become more authentic and develop greater courage and assertivity, express your needs in an adaptive way. As you relate to other people in the workplace and in the family, you develop a new sense of balance and moderation between leading a life of structure and commitment and a life of playfulness and spontanity. As you continue to move forward, you learn to accept yourself with grace and ease, viewing yourself in a positive light, developing greater confidence, your talents, your gifts, your skills and your attitudes and your abilities. You do very much so more than you've ever seen before. You do have the capacity to visualize yourself in the future. You have this great capacity to visualize yourself living up to your dreams. You can see it huge and big. Ten times bigger, a hundred times bigger than that. The whole sky is filled when you visualize yourself in the future, living up to your dreams. So big, you see it's so big in the sky, filling it above the mountains and Utah. Takes up the whole sky, just visualize yourself in the future, living up to your dreams with a sense of joy and accomplishments, dancing in this clouds. Now all the things I've said, you do not have to fully remember if you don't want to, now, or you don't need to remember them, right? But you're unconscious mind, right? And the center core will continue to guide you like an eternal coach, even when you are asleep, had night, right? Now this will continue every moment to the hour, every hour of the day, and nights, right? Every day and night, right? Every week, every week of the month, right? Every month of the year, right? Every year of the rest of your life, right? And as you continue to move forward, right? You begin to realize that your life is a journey, right? And that the goal of living is not traveling to a specific destination, right? What the journey itself becomes your destination, right? And the quality, grace and the form in which you travel on your journey, we call life, is itself the goal of living, right? And in doing so, you are writing the book of your own journey, right? You are writing the book of your own journey, right? And you are sharing the book with your journey online, right? Now you are sharing the book of your own journey, right? Now you are sharing the book of your own journey to millions of people online, right? Now take a deep, deep breath again, right? Let the air out slowly, that's right, right? And I want you, and I want you to share your story with millions of people on the internet and get the views, get the likes, and get the attention. You have the capacity to do this specific technique, right? For self-hypnosis, right? On your own, anytime you want to, right? In doing so, right? You will reinforce again and again, right? The specific technique boosting your ego and your whole self, and as a whole person, right now, and now I will slowly. And the competition, freedom from destructive competition and anxiety, freedom from destructive competition and anxiety, the competitive games in our family of origin, and in addition to expanding our capacity for joy. For experiencing joy, yeah, in living. We can also begin to explore those ultimate possibilities, seen on the white board in the sky, on the red markers writing, and in black markers writing, saying, of freeing ourselves from the destructive forms of competition, and the freeing ourselves from the destructive forms of anxiety. Written with bullet points, he wrote it down so we all looked to took the eraser, erased it, and then began to write. And very often we learn our patterns of competition from our early years. In our early years with our family, looking at it again, we did not understand it. We took the eraser, erased it, and then made the board ten times larger. With his hand writing from the desk, he began to write and more words appeared on the much larger screen that we could all follow along for much longer. He wrote and we saw. And sometimes we learn that we see the words being that are writing on, we see the words as we hear them appearing on the white board, almost as if I magic. And sometimes we learn without even knowing how that we must. And sometimes we learn that we must always lose. What would we learn something like that? Sometimes we compete for a mother's approval and discover that her mother's approval costs us, fathers love. Sometimes we compete for a father's approval to discover that in winning his approval, we lose mother's love. And so we begin to discover that we lose by whatever action we take. And sometimes we compete with brothers and sisters for parents love. And sometimes we discover that in winning our parents love, we lose the love of our brother or sister. And again, there's the feeling of somehow always losing. And in some families, things are so destructive and mixed up that everyone competes and no one wins. You know families of a gris-waldenator that do that. Pickering so much that the no one even wins has come together and heal it up and let's let love each other and have harmony. We begin to notice that the rules of competition are unfair and that the rules of the game are loaded. The only way to deal with this destructive kind of competition is to step out of the game as you have done with the rolling of the dice games and refuse to play the game, which you've done a great job. And instead of seeking approval from others, Sam, we begin to set our own standards of approval, Sam. We learn to step out of the destructive game, Sam, and set our own standards of approval, Sam. We begin to set, get a sense of ourselves and to be able to define values and set our own standards. Sam, and then we begin to let go of the old habit of automatically competing. We begin to judge whether the competition is fair. And we begin to discriminate and select the competitions that are meaningful. I determine whether winning is worthwhile. And we set and determine whether winning is worthwhile. And we set our own standards of approval. We have our own vision and destiny that we are working towards and their chapters and pages in the story of the adventure books that not everybody understands the beginning or the end of our legends. The similar to freeing ourselves from destructive competitions, we can expand the possibilities of freeing ourselves from destructive forms of anxiety. Again as we begin to examine the past, looking at the origins of our anxiety, we discover the anxiety, hangs us as if we were had a weight around our neck. Questions, once learned, can be re-learned, suggestions. Today I'm going to talk about learning, but I'm going to talk about it rather different way in a rather different way. I'm going to talk about learning how to do what you already know how to do. I'm going to talk about learning how to do something you already know how to do. Such as getting up in the morning easily, happily with great energy, excited, ready, going to a place with intention, purpose, wanting to do the great job, then seeing yourself, relax at the end of the day, coming home with a big smile and face of accomplishments, season to excited, ready to do more. Not to never let others of progress of growth and develop and look like an higher plateau, excited about it and ready to wind down and enjoy what you do with love of your life, and have good sleep with the meaning and ready to jump up the next day and do it all again. When you were young, you were very small. Just you were very little, you were baby boy, you had to learn how to walk, you had to learn to get yourself up and on your feet, you had to learn standing straight to put one foot ahead of the other and to take steps to get yourself to where someone else, somewhere else to get where you were. Sam of your conscious mind hasn't thought about that for decades. Walking came to be such an automatic thing, you know, thinking about it was quite an necessary, but your unconscious mind has recognized that the feeling thoughts, sensation, mental constructors, saying yourself, I want to go over there, your body took over and you went. I want you to realize all the ingredients that are coming here and I invite you to see after everything is coming together to make something happen large and big. However, a lot of learning of trial and error knocking on doors, calling, getting in homes and finding out about the relationships of objects, other objects and most of all of our motor skills were dedicated to learning to walk for quite a long time before you were able to walk steadily and safely to stop and just start and start just when you wanted to go and to go in the same direction that you wanted to go over the years you have walked and walked and walked. Your body and brain and your mind have collaborated so often on the activity called walking that you know that you know all there is to know about it. You even know how to walk backwards, a curious ability. Six months ago, a sudden three years ago, four years ago, a sudden and confusing thing happens and you got confused about working and going and knocking on doors and being confused into about knocking on doors and going in was Carolina has affected the part of your brain that was involved in selling. Now those muscles apparently refuse to do what you tell them to do and they seem to be weak and flabby. You have been coming to this special therapy, this mental therapy. You have been coming to this verbal therapy to this clean language therapy, to this magic therapy, to deligently to regain your muscle stress, your mind and your brain and your hands and your pen and your arms and your legs reassuring that you have been doing your best as you can for giving yourself a letting go of the decisions that you made yet your feet and ankles and knees and hips are absolutely staying put instead of going where you want them to go. Recognize that frustration that has been very frustrating and you know from some of our previous sessions that when we find something very frustrating, it indicates that we must look for a different approach. Let us explore then a new avenue. We can do that by putting the whole situation into a new framework. When you were a baby, you learned how to do something you had not done before. Then how about again learning to do it again? Now that makes sense. After all, if you can learn how to do it once, like when you were a baby, you could learn how to do it again when you have all that previous experience, previous experience about learning. Yes, yes, yes, yes. You have already learned how to sell so easily. It's second nature to you to go out and sell now today. Getting up out of bed, cleaning shower, shaving, getting dressing, going out to sell and making sales. Every day coming home, you have already learned how to make sales and come home and go to sleep and make sales. You have to relearn what you have already learned, calling on your subconscious to jump you up in the morning, go out and make sales. Building applications come home, send them in, and have relax and go to sleep. Calling on your subconscious to search out what previous learnings are jumping up in the morning with purpose, getting to the place on time, you need to learn to put it to use. In order to do that searching, go further into a hidden notice now. Let your subconscious mind go back to the time that when you were a small baby. Just learning how to walk. Go back to the beginning of one of those lessons. In that beginning, may even have been before you were born. When you were experiencing, what it was like to move in an ocean of fluid. If you're unconscious mind to review all that learning and find out what you need to know again, as you relearn what you have already learned for so many years ago, feel it again, making a sale, getting a check and having the deposit. Feel it again, seeing the deposit money you're checking out of the account. What it was like to learn how to see the money of a checking that deposit coming in from the museum, that all your senses be clear as your next step out of the house and to the car on the way to the appointments. As you experienced that, the muscle tone and the driving around in the car and Delaware is the awareness of something that you would later call strength of character, of position of determination, of how to know your feet around and explicitly complicated movement of the foot as it lifts up and it's step and swings forward. All your subconscious mind and body together to review and re-explore. Ask your unconscious mind to review all that old information many times a day. Review the bold information many times a day for as many days as it needs to. And then to redirect that information to the presence. The information is needed now. Bring it now. At the same time, your unconscious mind is reviewing those previous learnings. You are now regaining muscle strength. You are now regaining psychic momentum, emotional momentum and mental grade-reclim-muse through your therapy so that soon the two approaches can merge and you will begin to learn again which you have already known for many, many decades, for many, many, hundreds of months. More mind body communication. Once learned skills can be relearned. Once learned skills can be relearned. Like reading, like playing the good music, like singing, like driving, like selling. Like sailing on a sailboat with sails and applications filled to the brim. This new approach calls for the greatest possible collaboration between minds, the conscious and the subconscious and the body. Reinforce at the collaboration every day in your own hypnosis, reminding yourself that you already know what you are now learning. You are putting that knowledge to good use as you approach this worthwhile endeavor in this renewed and worthwhile way. You already know what you are learning. Dumping the rubbish, 313. Imagine yourself going into your laundry, filling it with water, opening the trap door near your head, pulling out all the unwanted rubbish, and you're from your head such as fears, doubts, anxieties, and guilt. And dumping all this into the water, which becomes black or in black residue, do so. Notice dumping all the thoughts into the anxieties and issues into the water, see it get darker and muddy or into the laundry. Finally, imagine yourself pulling out the plug and letting the inky water vanish down the sink. Relax and imagine yourself on the tenth floor of an apartment building, waiting for the elevator, when it arrives, it arrives, you enter and turn your face to the door. On the right hand side of the door is a vertical indicator showing the floor numbers. At the moment, the number 10 is illuminated, the elevator begins to sense smoothly, quietly, and comfortably as it reaches the ninth floor. The number 9 is illuminated. But the elevator continues on smoothly and effortlessly for this is a yours alone. It will not be stopping to pick up anyone else. The numbers illuminate and turn as each floor's reach your feelings of relaxation and comfort and creasing as you approach closer and closer to the ground floor. When you reach the ground level, you feel very much at ease. Yet, you can still go deeper. From the indicator remain three, basement levels B1, B2 and B3. As the elevator passes, each of these floors will be able to let go, still more. So that when you reach basement level three and the doors open, you are now starting to feel a wonderful sense of ease and comfort. In this state, you leave the elevator and crossing a hallway open the door to a room which you enter now. Starting now, when you begin to see that this is a beautifully furnished room with a deep pile carpet and superb drapes. In this room is a large stone fireplace crackling with fire as it's burning. You can see the flames of licking around the giant logs. You can hear the crackling hiss and smell the wonderful smoke. You feel the beautiful glorious warmth soaking into every cell of your body. Feel the glorious warmth from your fireplace on the beat to three-level now. Feel the warmth of the fire on your feet, lower legs, upper legs, hips, hands, stomach, chest, arms, shoulders, neck, head, face, feel the warmth and things that you may not wish to keep in your life such as doubts, fears, anxieties, hostilities, resentments or guilt. Can be imagined lying on a small table as you stand in front of the fireplace. These items are in the form of accounts which have already been paid. They laid the inner pile of papers and there's no link, longer and need to keep these settled accounts around. You can pick them up and drop them into the fire. One at a time, drop them into the fire, one at a time. Feeling a sense of release as they are transformed into ashes. Imagine yourself pulling on a beautiful golden helmet and closing the visor. Within this helmet you are safe from negative influences of others, their damning suggestions but unable to penetrate this protection simply bounce off armously. I'd like you to imagine that you're walking along a path in a beautiful mountain setting and as you walk allow your comfort to increase as you sink deeper and deeper into trance. I and I can't really know for sure all the things you'll be noticing soon, perhaps. You'll particularly enjoy the contrasting shades of colors, where all be aware of the tall trees, the little ones it against the blue sky with peacefully drifting, fluffy white clouds. I wonder if you'll notice a nearby mountainside with interesting patterns of rocks and trees, say how many people enjoy the sounds of nature, like the sound of the wind and the trees who are nearby stream or singing birds. Perhaps you'll notice the warmth of the sun against your skin of your feet, lower legs, upper legs, waist, stomach, chest, arms, hands, neck and face. There were detects where the things you touch along this way of this walk and as you walk, just take time to notice the things that interest you as you drift deeper and deeper into trance. I'd like you to imagine that you're carrying a large pack on your back, feel the weight of it. Imagine that you're walking, feel the weight of this pack is growing heavier with every step. Imagine that you can feel this pack is filled with objects of some kind objects that contain. It may have been infused with the very heavy bird and of all the excessive anger, guilt, upsetness of having to forgive yourself, all the portestisions you made. Now looks time-sights, 20-20, but now the path begins leading up a rise up a slight hill and the pack is feeling even heavier. But you sense that a short distance ahead that you will come to the top of the hill. As you reach the top, the path leads to a large open meadow with beautiful green grass and wildflowers. And you can now walk into the meadow noticing the beauty. The meadow, you can also see a large colorful helium or hot air balloon is red with a grump, with a gun onto underneath. This red giant air balloon is more than tied down with large large roofs. Walk over to it, please, and please look inside the gondola. I don't notice a giant large basket where containers are some kind, which you can unlatch easily when you decide to now get inside. Now take off the heavy backpack, now take off the heavy backpack and drop it onto the ground. Are you tired of carrying around in your life that heavy bird and of those feelings? Have you feelings which you have been carrying around for so long? Do you really feel ready to get rid of those old outdated feelings? Good. Then in a moment I'm going to ask you to open that pack and inside you'll find some kind of objects or containers that have been infused with all of those excessive feelings of guilt and anger that have been weighing you down. Open the pack and see what kind of objects you find that they contain all the judgments and guilt and anger. What are they? Do you see the objects? Okay, now I'd like you to take those objects. Slowly look at the objects. Take those objects one at a time and toss them into a large basket on the gondola. I think that you're going to be pleased to notice that with each and object you throw away those feelings of superiority, those feelings of guilt, those feelings of anger, those feelings of helplessness, those feelings of disappointments, those feelings of can all decrease. And you will be with such a relief as if you're filling that basket up with all those bad feelings. There's heavy feelings and as though you're planting yourself of all those excessive feelings, feeling increasing peace, feeling increasing comfort, increasing relief and freedom with every object that you throw into the basket of the gondola. And by the time you thrown away all of those objects, I think you're going to be surprised or perhaps just enjoy how free, how peaceful you can feel within yourself. Now go ahead and take the objects out of the pack and begin throwing them one at a time into the basket. You can enjoy getting rid of those feelings. When you've thrown the last object into the basket, so you have the basket is filled with all those excessive feelings, allow the index finger on your right hand to float up to signal to me. Great. Now close the latch of the lid of the basket and you can either untie those ropes using a big knife or axe or you'll find on the ground to cut the ropes. As you release that balloon, you can rest back on the comfort of the grass and watch it float up into the sky, carrying away the basket and all those excessive, judgmental, guilty, disappointed, upsetting feelings that have burdened you. And with each movement of the motion of the balloon up in this sky, you can now feel an increasing sense of release and relief free from those old feelings. So they will know, allow no longer have influence on your thoughts or moods or actions. Free of those feelings, watches the wind begins to carry the balloon farther and farther away. Soon it will be out of sight. And when it's gone, you can take the big, big, deep breath and you can really enjoy the freedom and relief and peacefulness of being rid of those feelings. And this relief and this piece can flow and circulate all through you and you'll be delighted to discover that these feelings of freedom and comfort and well-being can remain with you. Responsibility to a false, the metaphor for over-responsibility 320. The world of nature is enjoyed by almost everyone. People like the beauty and the diversity of animals. For example, the slot canyons are scuba diving, they ocean, but people do not realize that animals of all shapes, sizes and colors, and temperaments have to face certain realities of the unknown and the risk of learning in the wild with predators just as people do. Animal families are not unlike human families in some ways. We all stick together and provide to provide the establishment of a territory in which you live. That is all within one's own. The bonding of a family, the anticipation and finally the arrival of an offspring or two. The proud parents and the protective parents, and love takes a lot of different forms in the animal kingdom. Consider the bears as an example of the wisdom of animals. A mother and her cobs are inseparable for the earliest weeks of the month of their life. If you really want to anger a bear, you can get near the cobs, she will protect them fiercely. As she purges, teaches them how to hunt for food, how to survive in the wilderness, how to live, and how to grow. The cobs have time to play into be young, but they also know the seriousness of what they must learn. In order to be their own eventually, and then one day the mother will chase or cobs up a tree and then abandon them. She leaves them on their own to live for themselves. To grow and change and learn as their lives go on. A huge part of her responsibilities to reach a point of no longer having to be responsible for others. Their lives are their lives or their own to live, and she knows that she can't live it for them no matter how much she cares for them. And it may seem cold or call us on the surface, especially when one sees the desperate search of the cobs for their mother. But she has a greater wisdom, a broader perspective, and intuitive sense that each life is valuable in what it allows its favor to do. And what seems cool on one level is actually the greatest gift of all on another more important level. And I know of no recorded instances of an insecure mother bear preventing her cobs from becoming independent. And gradually, beginning to enjoy separateness 327, beginning to enjoy separateness. And gradually we begin to discover more and more perhaps to our surprise that we may even begin to enjoy more and more our sense of separateness. Even so perhaps we may begin to discover that we may not really need that nurturing caretaker as much and babying and checking in as much as we thought we did. Even so when we begin to develop capacities, competence, and mastery far beyond what we might have imagined, even so back then. Because of the normal developmental process, we seem to continuously grow. Now, right now, and expand your capabilities and mastery. Always and ever so more, we shall begin to discover that we may not really need all that nurturing parents quite as much as we once thought we had did back then. A long time ago, when we had an assimilar fashion, we begin to discover even more so that when we perhaps we may not even once that nurturing parents as much as we once thought we had did once upon a time. Once upon a time, we begin to discover that in our developmental growth and process of evolving now. We begin to move, we begin to move toward curiosity, starting now we begin to move toward curiosity, an exploration, and challenge and growth. In a ways that would have been so terribly limited by the old fantasy symbiotic union, a union so tight that it would have prevented us from growing and developing and discovering all the potential of our individual identity. And even so in the normal course of our development, we begin to discover satisfaction and evolving and developing our own individual unique separateness. And we begin to discover strength, from our experience of our original sense of connectedness and bonding. And the combination of strength and freedom that results from our bonding and separateness begins to open a world of growth and satisfaction to us. Then it does not begin. Then it does begin to become satisfying to move into this good and off world with a good enough nurturing, good enough care taking parents. And good enough now we are beginning to grow and experience good and off and good enough evolve and all the satisfaction, good enough developing into our own special unique abilities. Very special human abilities, good enough for our own unique special combination of abilities and capacities and strengths and talents that are all good enough to go do what you want now. And gradually we begin to discover more and more all sorts of adventures that in the outside world around us, in our mind on the way to places we're going. And everywhere in between on side rows and valleys, we may begin to discover other people, other children, other adults who provide some of our needs and wants and care. I'll turn alternate sources of solace and care and support and alternative sources of interest and growth and excitement. And so we begin to move toward our natural evolution of development, discovering all the other possibilities of bonding in the outside world that go beyond that original nurturing, care taking, loving parents. And then things do, then things do seem to become easier satisfying. Feelings of lightness 382. Hold your right arm straight out in front of you, parallel to the floor your right hand is your arm is relaxed. Concentrate on your news words and concentrate on your right arm and listen to me. Now imagine that the right arm is becoming lighter and lighter and lighter and lighter and lighter is it's moving up above? It feels as if it doesn't have any weight at all and it's moving up above up up more and more and more. And it's light as a feather, it's weightless and rising up in the air. It's lighter and lighter, rising and rising more up up up up up. It's lighter and lighter and lighter and up up up up. It doesn't have any weight at all and it's moving up and up more more more. It's lighter and lighter up up, moving up up more more and higher and higher. Now relax your arm and let it float back down. Contentrate on your body and listen to me. Now imagine that your whole body is becoming lighter and lighter and lighter. Your head, your shoulders, your trunk are becoming lighter and lighter. It feels as if they don't have any weight at all. And as if if your floating suspended in the air, let yourself feel light as a feather, feeling lighter and lighter, rising and floating, feeling lighter and lighter. It feels as if you don't have any weight at all. As if you're just floating pleasantly in space. You feel lighter and lighter, floating and drifting lighter and lighter. And as you let yourself feel lighter and lighter and as if you're floating and drifting along. Think of how pleasant it will feel when you feel feather when you feel feathery light after you lose all the unnecessary emotional baggage you used to carry around. You take an egg five five zero repeat after me and then speak these words, you can speak in a hypnotic state without awakening. Just as you can talk in the dreams of the night and in a moment still remaining in a hypnotic state. I want you to begin to review your problems and your goals. I want you to review your problems and your goals slowly. I want you to review your problem and goals slowly, thoughtfully and carefully. And as you do so, simply to the sound of your voice, we'll take you deeper and deeper into a hypnotic state in which you can continue talking to me without any interruption of your story and review. So in a moment, as I tell you to begin, you can slowly, thoughtfully describe your problem from beginning to end. Right now, begin your problem in detail and the very specific goals you have for yourself. Make them as vivid and as life-like as possible. Going deeper and deeper into trans as you speak, follow the submodalities and the nuances of how you internalize it. Notice any metaphors, places, people and things. Now begin to slowly describe your problem. I have been remanating too much about the decisions that I made in the past, and I've been stepping over decisions that I made, gripping over decisions that could be made of the future. And I've been stuck in the past. I've been stuck reviewing the decisions I made in the past, and I've been stuck and looking at the possible decisions people might make in the future, and getting stuck in paralysis of not taking action today now. I've also had the problem of allowing myself to become too small mentally. I've been restraining myself using language and the spells of words, and using the spelling of words to make it. I have made till loud myself to have remained small back then. I used to use language and words to keep myself small and in pain and turmoil and confused in this world way back then at that time. Good. Now in a moment I want you to speak again. I want you to slowly carefully and thoughtfully indicate what you need and what you want. And as you slowly speak with each word, you are unconscious. Mine can take you deeper and deeper into trance. The mere sound of your voice will take you deeper and deeper state. And in which you can continue to talk to me. Listen to me. Answer questions and do anything asked of you. And you will find yourself in such a deep state that you will be under the most powerful compulsion to do precisely what is indicated. Now, meditatively, thoughtfully, slowly, review precisely what you need. And what you need and what you want. When do you need those? How often? When? Now meditatively, thoughtfully, slowly, review precisely what you need and what you want. All right. Now continue to drift into a deeper and sound or trance deeper with every breath you take. And as soon as you continue to go deeper, in a moment I'm going to have you outline the therapy. And the actions that will be necessary to accomplish what you want. Once again, as you speak, you will continue to go into a deeper and more profound trance with every sound of your voice. And with every word you speak, simply the sound of your voice will take you into such a deep hypnotic state that you will find yourself compelled and constrained to do exactly that which is indicated. So in a moment when I stop speaking, I want you to slowly, thoughtfully, meditatively describe specifically what you will need to do. Now slowly, thoughtfully, describe exactly what you need to do. I need to quickly clean and tidy the entire house visually, making it tidy, throw all the mass into one room and put it behind a door just like the energy conversion box. I need to simplify my goals and write down my goal for the year on the one piece paper. I need to go through the David Pat J.V.D. book and complete as much as I can and carry that book with me throughout the course of every day, always bring my goals with me. I feel it out as much as I can and carry it with me. Use the calendar and specify one goal at a time beginning with going out and trying to sell it to tent selling every day using the calendar. I need to get the one task every day, write down the top task every day on a very small newly purchased book from a store, small goal of the task for every day, just one item and write down the issues of obtaining that item every day, just the top task. So I need a book and I need a tidy home and I need to teap track, scold and stars. That's what I need to do and I'm controlling me. Very good. And I need to do my visualizations and my mental programming every day, one hour a day, two hours a day, three hours a day, very good. And continue drifting deeper and deeper into comfort. And the moment I'm going to ask you to speak again. And I want you to specify in great detail precisely what's necessary and exactly what you will do so that you will reach your goals. As you speak, you can do so with an increasing effortlessness, allowing your conscious mind to take over and take you into it deeper and more profound trans, with every sound of your voice that you find yourself in such a deep trance, that that things you indicate are necessary. The suggestions you give to yourself will profoundly influence your thoughts and feelings and actions and behaviors. You are in such a deep trance that you will feel impelled from a deep within you to do precisely what is indicated now. Thoughtfully, slowly and in detail, indicate exactly what you will do so that you will have what you want. I will go to the staples and I will acquire a hand a small book for my hands to write down the number one activity of the day and to go after it. We'll get a calendar and schooled in stars and golden rainbow stickers to keep track of the one activity for the day. I will hang it up on the wall. I will call 10 YouTube channels. I will call the three team warrior trainer for to see if I can sell life insurance there. I will call value tame and to see if I can sell life insurance through value tame and I will call the FNG life insurance through Mark Arver to see if I can sell it. I will call Bob and begin my contracting process with him and I will also call Benjamin from the final expense services and for conserved contracting with them to get the leads. I will also buy leads tomorrow for $3,000. I want you to speak very good and I will go to work. I will get up early in the morning and F will get up early and effortlessly in the morning with great energy and with great desire and with great gusto and great power. I will get up and I will shower and I will shave and I will listen to my rap music into shower. I will get dressed and putting on my best clothing until I am fully feeling great about myself. Checking my schedule for the day and making sure that all my sales presentation materials are with me. I check the route and my appointments. I check my appointments and the preparations. I look at my preparations for every appointment I have to make sure that I am prepared for every preparation. I write down what I believe how many I will close. Then I go and I drive to eat home and knock on the house. I say what I say and listen to what they have to say and I say what I have to say and they let me inside. I sit down and I review all the accounts. I ask them if I can ask questions and ask them the questions filling out the application. They sign the application and I sign and I collect the wood check. I fax and scan these papers and email them into the company and they are approved. Then I go to the computer and I see the commissions deposit into my account. Then I take some of those monies and I put it into my life insurance account. I take some of those monies and I put them into my Roth IRA crypto account with Bitcoin, XRP, Solana and Avalanche. Then I take some of those monies and I put them into buying more leads. So I can go out and buy more and make more money. Very very good and I look at myself and I thank myself and I thank the Lord. I give them the thanks and praise. Very very good. Now just rest. Just rest and to an even deeper and sounder state. As each breath takes you into a deeper hypnotic sleep. Now in a moment I want you to speak again. And once again as you speak each sound of your voice will take you deeper. So deep you'll find yourself under a most powerful compulsion to do exactly what is indicated. Now I want you to do slowly and pathetically and in a full and comprehensive detail to affirm again precisely what you will do. I will effortlessly and with energy jump out of the in the bed out of bed in the morning on two feet hearing the sound of my voice alarm with my music and my voice and so suggestions in my in the morning. That's reminding me of what a great opportunity and adventure today is. I find myself in this shower with great energy drinking coffee and listening to my rap self empowerment songs and visioning the day of great success at all of my. Mentensions are coming through having shot put on my best clothes and having shade with a smooth face handsome and smelling good with you during a perfume to put on my best clothes and ties matching perfectly seeing myself in the mirror feeling confidence and energized. That everything will be executed perfectly today. I go over all of my appointments that have been scheduled and I go over all the clients with their needs or make sure I have all the necessary preparations in my car and ball my person and I'm from my zoom meetings. I go to the homes and I review all the counts as specified I make the best presentation as biostably can using my sales materials using pre recorded visual videos that I made in using the links that I created on the YouTube that they've already sent. Using and I these suggestions and then I we fill out the application together. I'll be deciding upon a monthly premium that they feel comfortable. We fill out the application and they ease sign the application and I ease sign the application. I see the commissions coming in my checking accounts and I take someone I put some in Bitcoin and my Roth IRA I take someone put it in my life insurance. I take some and I grow it and I buy more lead so I can go out and buy more and pay more and get more opportunities. And now we'll look at myself in the evening and I will feel good about myself and I will pat myself on the back and eat delicious food and share our life with a beautiful lovely woman. Now before awakening I want you to point out that I have offered you no advice or suggestions. Every suggestion has come from you yourself and these suggestions will sink deep into your unconscious mind and profoundly influence your thoughts and feelings and your behaviors. And you will find yourself under a powerful compulsion arising from deep inside of you to do everything that you have indicated. And you will feel unconsciously and pelled. Deeply compelled to do the things that you yourself have indicated. Thank you. Now now and again 547 mental rehearsal of presentation and sales skills. Bring to mind a presentation that you have to make in the near future. It may be a sales presentation to a client on a Zoom meeting or face to face. They may have clicked on your videos or they may not have. They may have reviewed your presentations online or they may be speaking with you now. It may be a speech to a gathering of your peers or a superior's. It may be a simple meeting. Imagine yourself getting a good night's sleep. Focus on feeling is though you're falling asleep and that you're waking refreshed. Imagine dressing as you address on the day of your presentation feeling good about yourself. You're smiling. At the place where the presentation is to take place imagine yourself walking into the room. Your audience is eagerly awaiting your arrival. Your several measurements early, comfortably early. There is little pressure that people are interested in what you have to say. Before giving your presentation, take a deep breath. Use your physical cue touching your thumb and your finger together or pulling your earlobe for brief moments of your place of safety. Imagine your protective shield around you and now return to your meeting. Imagine the faces of the potential questions, the real questions. Imagine a point to what you will cover. Your stand-eats question beyond the words. You understand why it's question was asked. And the underlying emotional concerns. You are intuitive. You are sensitive to their thoughts and ideas. Now imagine the results. A positive result, a handshake, a job well done, the sail closed, the promise of a contract. The nods of approval, the smiles, the anticipation of working together again. A standing ovation from your public speaking audience. Now I want you to think of some major incentive which you would be working towards. And which you would like to achieve in the future. Maybe you would like to live in India for six months. Maybe you would like to live in another country for six months. Maybe you would like to live on an island scuba diving and earning money. You would like to do a selling insurance earning over rides, marketing, dollars, all types of money is coming in and teaching the mastery of glass. It might be taking an ocean or seeing a great some graduate. Whatever your word might be, when you firmly have your goal in mind, I would like you to picture yourself transported into the future, savoring the fruits of your achievement and enjoying the knowledge that you're a goal for which you have worked for so long and so hard as finally yours. Continue to hold the image in your mind. Continue to hold and focus on it. And soon it will just be as if you were really there on Bonneir in your own home. Taking off and relaxing on the couch and reviewing your mind, and the scuba diving expedition and the day you had taking someone through the cruise, through the hot waters, getting paid $700 and having insurance over rides coming in, automatic monies, video taping, enjoying, carefully made music, doing your mental visualizations and your self-hypnosis, your autogenic self-hypnosis has made you lots of money on the internet. You've shared with yourself and with others how they can take great charge of their direction in life, using the language of the unconscious mind, using the language of the world, using the language of the unconscious mind, you've shown people how to gain greater control over their life experiences. Now you earn monies and you see it coming in, passively, monies come in daily, monies come in every day, monies come in every day, you earn monies every day coming in every day, you've done a great job of recording and documenting your life's Sam, you've done a great job of documenting your struggles, you've done a great job of sharing and documenting your struggles with so many people, the documentation and your struggles has inspired so many people to continue to hold on and to grow and change and face change. So let yourself begin to live the experience now. You have achieved what you've set out to attain and the fruits of your efforts are yours to enjoy. Live the fulfillment of your goal, allow yourself to experience all the joy and satisfaction which come from knowing that your ambitions have finally been realized. Maybe you need to go to India and see what you can do for six months, maybe you and roots will start a TV show. You'll live the fulfillment of your goals and allow yourself to experience all the joy and satisfaction which come from knowing that your ambitions have finally been realized. Let yourself savor the thrill of achievements and post and bask in the warm, glowing, rewarding glow of jobs, well done jobs, well done jobs, well done. And as you allow yourself to let go completely and to experience this event fully, savoring your triumph and all of its fruits and cherries and strawberries, on little holes that choose from the feelings of satisfaction and achievement are becoming clear and sharper and tighter and wetter and sweeter and with an warmer, with more intensity, more warmth. More wetness, more pressure, more friction, more warmth with every passing moment. You can see in a little while that I'm going to return you to the present time, but until I do let yourself continue to enjoy the fulfillment of your goal, which you have worked so hard to attain as a feelings of achievement and satisfaction. Continue to grow and each passing second finds them stronger as they were before. You can see the difference between the two of us. You can see the difference between the two of us. It's time to return to the present now, to the time from what you left. You are beginning to return to the present time, and the scene you have been experiencing in your mind is beginning to fade, but you will still remain a transfer a while until I bring you out. You will feel renewed and recharge as a result of your experience, and you will possess a heightened resolve to succeed in the attainment of your goal. You are a mere mission, and your purpose, you will have a heightened resolve to succeed in your purpose and mission, attainment of your goal's aspiration. The scene is now fading more and more. Almost gone. Now the scene is completely gone, and you are back with me here in the present. You are feeling renewed and recharge and more determined than ever to succeed in the attainment of your mission, purpose goals that you have envisioned. For its benefits and attractions are now much more tightly and clearly pyramid than they ever were before. You remember that we used hypnosis and ageragression to help you go back and deal with an issue where no events that you don't understand, to settle some unfinished business. We all live in the present which tomorrow will be the past, and the future becomes the present. Time is always moving. You can see the future in fantasy, to make the present move more progressively happy and successful. Fantices are good to have. On realistic fantasies can be fun and entertaining. Then discarded as one would shut off a TV set. Now realistic achievable fantasies can provide the material for you to establish and work at accomplishing your mission, purpose, destiny. When you win the tomorrow becomes the present, fantasies will become realities. Just as you went down the road, were a corridor, were stairs to go back into the past, you can go up. That same road up, that same corridor up those stairs to envision your future. You can see the pleasant future happening to you, or if you prefer. It is more helpful, you can be an observer watching it happen to somebody else. And then afterwards you can imitate the model. You may select either model, simply select the method which will give you the greatest revelation, and that will be the most beneficial for you. By looking into the future, you are establishing goals. Let's say five year goals. For the present, you will need to determine how to really make it happen, so you won't always remain in the fantasy. To do so, you will break that five year goal into five year to five shorter one year goals. Each of these years will be broken down to 12 months. Each of those months will be broken down until weeks. Thus, each week you are achieving some of your goals. Until you realize that the future is now, you can write all those goals down after you come out of hypnosis. And then on a weekly basis, review your pleasurable and successful progress. Looking into the future, you are concerned about the relationships. See them as you desired them to transpire. You are concerned about your career, work, occupation. See that self-efficacy functioning in your choice of work. You are concerned about health, possibly. You are concerned about finances. See the process unfold without careless deaths. And excess funds, excess monies and excess energies, excess dollar signs in your hands. You see interest in hobbies, recreation, travel, personality, improvement, whatever you are realistically desired. And see the process you must go through to realize these achievements. You are making things happen, even some things that you haven't done before. But that you, but that you really, but you can realistically accomplish. Now you won't be saying, when I get around to it or one of these days, you'll never say again, when I get the chance, you won't say anymore, I will. You won't say anymore soon, I will. Instead, you will make things happen. Now instead, you make things happen. You are making something happen now. There is power in this, and you can come to realize that future is now. 3159. Suggestions for sexual diversion, patient. Perhaps you will be aware of several different feelings. You don't have to experience a rousal. That isn't even necessary to be aware of pleasurable feelings right now. It is not necessary. It's all right to just experience whatever you experience. And I think you'll be pleased to discover that you can learn, and there's nothing to bother you or disturb you. And some things may feel familiar, and some things may feel new and unfamiliar, and that's all right. That's the way we grow and the way we develop for now. You can just concentrate on places that feel different from other places, and I want you to notice the distinctive sense of different types of touch. And I really don't know what you'll notice, and it doesn't really matter to me. You may be aware of textures of differing pressures. You may be aware of warmth or comfortable coolness. You might even notice dryness or some woisteness. And I wonder what you'll learn about the meaning of these things, as you feel them. I wonder how you're going to feel about what those things mean. Some things they feel soothing and others more restful, some relaxing, and some unusually interesting. If at times you find that you're blind, is wandering elsewhere during sex. Maybe a good time to direct those thoughts so that your mind can drift off to a memory, perhaps a fantasy of something very rousing. So when you notice stray thoughts distracting you, you can use that as a time for a very sensual, a very vivid and a very enticing daydream to just how to flow into your mind, on vacation with roots. And I don't know if that image will be from a movie you particularly like or from something you've read. Perhaps you'll find yourself picturing and especially erotic scene noticing the sensual way of the kissing, the way they caress and touch each other, and how they began to gradually seductively remove clues. You feel as you remember what they're observing them doing. Perhaps playfully seducing, seductively teasing each other, or tenderly beginning to explore the other's body with lips, with fingers. Maybe noticing them beginning to move the responding to pleasure, the sounds of pleasure you hear, the tender, loving things, said to each other. On the other hand, it's fine and fun to know what they once-raith-autist-tracked you during sex. You don't need a movie of others. You may have some very vivid memories of your own that you invented, imagined, made up, played with, or reminded from the past. They can come freely to mind, sensuous erotic experiences that you shared or made up and vision or created in the past, but you had shared with someone. And you can become deeply involved in and absorbed in these memories and joined excitement of the interaction, feeling what you know how to feel and felt then. Experiencing the excitement and pleasure, memories can be so real. Many people can sense the texture and gentle, gentle softness of skin, silky and smooth, the feel of warm, warm skin, pleasant curve of sensations of soft air, hearing, breathing, whispered words, size of pleasure, and it may be even that you are even more aware of the pleasant fragrance of someone's hair, along with the mounting pleasure and excitement. You are now so deeply relaxed that all the suggestions I'm going to give you will be firmly fixed in the unconscious part of your mind. So firmly fixed, so deeply embedded, that nothing will ever remove them. Everything that I tell you now is going to happen to you. Will happen exactly as I tell you. Every feeling and every sensation that I tell you that you were going to experience. You will experience just as I tell you, and these things will happen particularly when you work. This entire project is really an experiment on human potentiality. Work experts have discovered that most people tend to underestimate their own capabilities and abilities. There are really two major factors that allow you to do your very best when working. The first, of course, is really wanting to do well. With the exercise tasks which you are about to work, do you do? This is something that this is something with which you are already familiar but the second one which is even more important is something which which you may not know about. This is the fact that if you realize an advance what many things or to nearly make you think you have reached your limits, you will be able to keep going beyond the points where you are beginning to experience them. This is the fact that if you realize an advance what things or to nearly make you think about think you have reached your limits, you will be able to keep going beyond the point where you begin to experience those things. This is the fact that if you realize an advance what the triggering signals or to nearly worthy have made you think that you have reached your limits, those signaling cues will no longer be good, good, holding you back. For now on, you will be able to continue beyond the point where you are beginning to experience the signals until you just slow down or stop. Most people use discomfort or fatigue as signs that they should stop what they were doing. Those people fail to realize that discomfort and fatigue are usually the first signs that they are approaching. They are greatest, learning curve that they are approaching. They are greatest, zone and appropriation. They are greatest, they are approaching. They are greatest, maximum performance levels. They are approaching. They are learning abilities and that they can in fact keep on going far beyond that point. Most people generally assume that when they start feeling uncomfortable, this feeling will get worse. As a matter of fact, if you allow yourself to keep on going after you start to feel that those signs and signals of discomfort, you will find that feeling will actually diminish. I am taking a foregranted that you are here because you really want to be here and that you are really eager to explore your potential to its fullest. To do your utmost on these tasks. In that case, the thing that you really must keep in mind is the importance of noticing each of this discomfort or fatigue. And using it as stimulus to keep on going. In that case, the thing you must really keep in mind is the importance of noticing each of the signals and signs of discomfort or fatigue. And using those as stimulus to keep on going forward. Then put it aside in your mind and concentrate on the working itself. It is terribly important to us in this experiment to find out exactly how much you can do with these tasks. The outcome of this experiment cannot be successful unless you cooperate by giving us your absolute maximum performance. This is not going to be easy for it is going to take every ounce of concentration, effort, and willpower that you can muster. I want you to give it everything that you've got to feel the strain all through your mind and body and to use that strain and effort to good advantage using every resource within you. Make this a total effort. As you work for longer and longer periods of times, you may experience certain symptoms. You may experience a feeling of heaviness in your arms. You may experience breathlessness. A feeling of tightness in your legs is sensation of discomfort in your chest, mouth or throat. You will probably develop a sense of fatigue after you have been working for some time. As you start to experience any of these sensations, this will be this stimulus for you to work even harder. As a result of this, you will find that you are able to go on and on and on and on and actually work and work and work and work through this experience so that you have become less aware of whatever discomfort you were had been experiencing. You will feel as though you could work on working for longer and longer periods of time. You will feel a greater desire to give a total effort. You will feel a greater desire to use every bit of willpower that is within you. You will actually work through your most difficult periods and no matter how tired you start to become. This will act as a stimulus that you will continue working without becoming unduly distressed. As you concentrate on my voice, so that all these things I am telling you will act on you when the time comes for you to perform and work and work and work and work. You did a great job, you are doing a great job. 266 aircens metaphor with tonight's. Conserving and increasing energy to 61. Reservoir of energy. Create a reservoir for conserving and holding energy and a lower most abdomen. The region of the naval or the chest. Get energy during inhalations. Hold it and possibly increase it while holding the breath. Think of endurance during long slow accelerations. Imagine during inhalations. That something starts glowing within you. Imagine a beam of light in the reservoir. Relax those parts of the body which are not involved in the building of the energy reservoir. During those accelerations. Use the reservoir as a place from which to draw energy in an emergency. Energy can thus be built up and preserved for several days before some events. In order to reach a peak of energy for a game day. Contest or special event. And endurance may be increased by alternate relaxation and invigoration. If for instance an arm must be held for a long prolonged time in raised and position. Feel it light and invigorated during inhalations. Feel it relaxed and easy during accelerations. Feel it light and invigorated during inhalations. Feel it relaxed during accelerations. Accelerate exercises for increasing endurance using the entries in the table. Efficient hands. To prevent tension while writing or working with the hands. Imagine initiating the movements from the shoulder blade region or the elbows. Not from the force. Forearms. Let the shoulders sink and relax in the arms and hands. Repeat while working. They create the fingers periodically by making small flexing and stretching movements. Delegating energy. Imagine the rubber joints. In exercise where ankle, knee and hip joints. Or imagine this flexible rubbers. Imagine rubber joints in the ankles, knees, hips, elbows for relaxation and then balance. And then during inhalation. Gather the full breath and imagine during the next strong acceleration. Forcing all the inhalate oxygen. Oxen, hip oxygen. Back into the arm. Fingers. Wherever the energy is needed. Forethought. Energetic action. Partial relaxation and invigoration. Relaxation and or invigoration. A learn may not be appropriate. Learn to combine invigoration with one body part or tension of one body part. With relaxation of all other parts. Remember that acceleration produces relaxation. That may be why the heart that. Uh, resonant tuning relaxes. It's all acceleration. Ooh. Remember that acceleration produces. Ex-relexation and inhalation. Producers invigoration retention. Learn to bring a specific body part to the required state of invigoration. Or tension. And then relax the rest of the body. For example, relax the shoulders in that. During acceleration. And during inhalation and invigorate in arm. Or special movements such as plank and instrument. Unnecessarily. Okay. Athletic warmup. The efficiency of a warmup is increased. And muscles remain more relaxed. And invigorated if movements are consciously made. It's follows. For greater flexibility. Make a forward movements and stretch. Or over stretch. During acceleration. Stretch. Stretch. Stretch. Stretch. Stretch. For invigoration. Make forward movements. Make forward movements. Stretch forward. Or over stretch. Learning inhalation. Stretch. Stretch. Stretch. Stretch. Mix the two consciously. Mix the two consciously during the warmup. Inhalation. Also develops the tension and stretching. During inhalation. Should alternate between the relaxation. During acceleration. And inhalation. So the proper balance of the two is maintained. So you can stretch with stretch with. Stretch with. To reservoir of energy. And to solar plexus or storage battery. The solar plexus. Is a network of nerve fibers associated to the level of the sternum. Behind the stomach. And front of the spine. It's fibers ready. Like the sun. The solar plexus region is a very good place for storing and conserving energy. And the imagination. Inhale. And exhale. While imagining charging a battery there. Or filling to reservoir with energy. For being common relaxed. Yet feeling alive. Imagine the golden threads. Read the crown of the head. And down the spine. Imagine that this thread is the concentra of your calmness. Create a reservoir for conserving and holding energy. In the lowermost abdomen. And the region of the naval. Or in the chest. Get energy during inhalations. Hold it. And possibly increase while holding your breath. Think of endurance. And during long slow. Exhalation. Imagine during inhalations. That something starts glowing inside of you. Or imagine a beam of light in the reservoir. Relax those parts of your body. Which are not involved in the building of the energy reservoir. During exhalations. Use the reservoir as a place from which to draw energy. And the case. And the body. And the body. And the body. And the body. And the body. And the body. And the body. And the case of emergency. Energy can thus be built up and preserved. For several days before some event. In order to reach a peak of energy for a game day event. Et cetera. And vigouration. Exercises for alertness. Jogging. Imagine jogging leisurely. On good surface in a place which is pleasant and enjoyable. Let it have the right temperature, the right surface. So much to run. To the right landscaping. Breathe in the rhythm with the imagine jogging. Energized walking. Due to this in reality. Or in the imagination. Walk rhythmically for about four steps. During inhalation. Hold the breath for four steps. And exhale for four steps. Just to speed for two types of your physical and mental condition. Whoever take more steps during exhalation. Or the holding of the breath. Then during the inhalations. Adjust the vigor of the inhalation. To the need of the body. Very consciously. And the real or imagine walk with a deep. Refreshing. Energizing inhalation. Body alert list. Make a quick. Short alert survey. Your body. And ask to the shoulders allow alertness. Are the eyes alert. Are the ears fully awake and attentive. What about the arms? The chest. Drive out drowsiness where it lingers. Do groins, hips and butt oxygen. Transfer fear with the alertness of the upper body. Are feet and legs awake and aware. Check one. Each one at a time. Simple invigoration. Imagine stretching the arms and legs. And feel very much alive during inhalations. And just inhale with the invigorating thoughts. Such as alive and a new. Aware and awake. A live and a new. Aware and awake. A live and a new. Aware and awake. Imagine stretching the arms and legs. And feel very much alive during inhalations. And as you breathe in. Think a live and a new. Aware and awake. Stretch the limbs. Dring inhalation and imagining. The energy rising up the spine. Imagine jogging happily along. Walking rather fast. Suddenly step into an open manhole. Let the surprise take away the breath. No harm was done but you really stirred up in a wig. Face treatments. Imagine an invigorating massage of the skin of your face. Imagine drumming on it with the fingertips. Feel the water massage from a refreshing shower. Or rain drops. Or feel the little hair stones bouncing on different parts of the face. Feel the deeper tissues massage during. Exhalations. Feel the fast vibrating. Exhalating impact on the skin. While inhaling and small. Interrupted almost gasping steps. And with the deep refreshing inhalation. Double door. For invigoration of the shoulder and neck region. Imagine a double door in the region of the shoulder blades. Allow its two parts to swing open late during inhalations. And let them to close during exhalations. Imagine a cool fresh breeze enters while it opens. Become calm and self-possessed while it does. Imagine climbing stairs. Remounting during inhalations. And with each step. Imagine climbing to a greater and greater wakefulness and alertness. Keep the exercise shorts to prevent over ventilation. Imagine driving into a cold. Enough place. Imagine driving into a cool cool. Cool enough to stop the breath. Imagine coming out of the pool and relax. Imagine or do the following. Hold out the arm straight in front of the front. Rise out. It's stretched. For the awakening after sleep. We're for coming out of the relaxed altered state of consciousness. Inhale and make small stretching movements with defenders and toes. Either boost several times during one long inhalation. Or inhale stepwise during all-fing, moving all-fingers. Relax during exhalation. Lengthen the spine during inhalation. Feel it's stretch and become longer. Dring exhalation relax again. But in a more refreshed manner. Then during the next inhalation. Imagine plugging yourself into a new battery for recharging. Repeat this for several inhalations. Then stretch and flex your limbs. Inhale and start getting up. If young and healthy get up with the inhalation to increase vigor and vitality. If we cannot so healthy. Get up during the exhalation to preserve strength to avoid wasting energy. Finger and arm and vigouration. Invigorate the fingers. With about five small, strong flexing movements. Dring stepwise inhalation. Exhale while letting the hand relax. Initiate movement of the arm hand and fingers with the shoulder blade. Exhale while letting the hand relax then repeat. Initiate movement of the arm hand and fingers from the shoulder blade region. Imagine that the four arms or fingers. Like those of a string puppet. Our supported and moved by means of strings from an outside force. Remember that lifting the lightness are associated with inhalations. Permit the fingers to be soft. Light liquid and sensitive or heavy. Precise and hard. Like the little hammers. According to the work they must perform. Experiment with the breathing while doing this. So that it aids in your actions.